Coach  0:00  
How did you feel about that simulation? Give me your thoughts. 

Teacher  0:03  
Um, well, I had this training, I think last week where they were talking about like disruptive behavior, and they were like, if a student is like, really craving attention, but they're also like doing something harmless like they're singing or something like the best thing to do is to not give them the attention. 

Coach  0:20  
Yeah.

Teacher  0:21  
I felt that it was kind of hard, because it was like a simulation. So like--

Coach  0:24  
 Right.

Teacher  0:25  
 Normally if I was in the classroom, I feel like I'd be like, okay, like, I am going to do something here. And I'm going to, like instruct other students like not give that person what they're craving, because they're also like, don't take them to the office, because then it just kind of like builds that pathway in like a kid's brain, which is like, if I misbehave, if I can get out of class. 

Coach  0:42  
Yeah, I think that that's good advice, too. But I think maybe we just need to reframe it a little bit. For our purposes here. Like in this case, I would say, since you can't break people into small groups in this environment, which could very well happen to you in the classroom. 

Teacher  0:58  
Mm-Hmm.

Coach  0:58  
What you-- what we want to do is like, minimize the amount of attention that we give to him. So one thing that I saw that you did really, really well was you addressed every misbehavior by name, and you would say something like "Dev," "Ethan," and you gave some sort of redirection that shows me, you knew what your objective was, you weren't getting sucked in to that craving for attention, like you said, and you were working on bringing people back together. 

Teacher  1:24  
Mm-Hmm.

Coach  1:24  
What I want you to try in this next round is going to be improving the specificity of that redirection. And what I mean by that is using really precise language, when you are asking a student to change their behavior. That is super important, because it lets the student know really clearly what it is that you need to stop. And like you said, it very quickly minimizes that. So it doesn't become a way that they can get attention, it can kind of nip it in the bud really quickly. Um, so for instance, thinking back to your simulation, there were a couple times where you said something like, "Dev, can you hear me?" And he was like, "yeah!" and then he kept talking about Disney plus, right? That was sort of like an abstract way that you were using to redirect behavior. What's the thing you could say that's more specific? Just give me an example.

Teacher  2:15  
Just like straight up like, "Dev, please stop talking about Disney plus during class."

Coach  2:20  
Wonderful, that is perfect. It's kind, but it's firm. And there is no ambiguity there for Dev to say, like, "What do you mean?" Or like, "I don't think I am being disrespectful" or like, "I can't hear you" or whatever, right? It's, it's very, very specific. Um, and that will just kind of eliminate some of that back and forth. You were really perceptive. And you said, "Ethan, we've been talking for a long time now." 

Teacher  2:44  
Yeah.

Coach  2:45  
 That's what can happen when vague language kind of comes into a redirection where it's like, "do you think you're being respectful?" The truth is, sometimes students don't have a great gauge for what constitutes respectful behavior. So that can kind of lead to that weird back and forth that you were describing. 

Teacher  3:01  
Yeah. 

Coach  3:02  
Do you have any thoughts or questions in reaction to that?

Teacher  3:06  
Well, I guess like, really, like, what do you do if you like, have a student who's like, persistently, just like not? you know, like, what would--

Coach  3:16  
Right, I think that, you know, over the course of like, if it's one single class period, like students have bad days, and I really tried to never escalate situations, because like you said, like, that can kind of be a way to get attention. So I try to just maintain calm at all costs, and stick to those very firm redirections, "I need you to stop talking to your neighbor, and I need you to re-engage with the class." and just kind of come back to that. And I think in the course of a smaller interaction, like, it could just be a bad day, right? And I think if you escalate that redirection to an outside person, or by sending them out of the room, like it can be hard to come back from that. So just kind of sticking to those specific redirections is a great at least first line of defense. Even if it goes on for several minutes, like you can always fall back on that. Why don't we practice this real quick? You start a norms conversation, I'm going to do something ridiculous, and I want you to specifically redirect my behavior. 

Teacher  4:16  
Okay.

Coach  4:17  
 Cool. 

Teacher  4:17  
Um, okay, everyone, we are now going to come up. Um, Coach, could you please, not? You... sorry. Please simply stop drumming. We are having a conversation about norms.

Coach  4:35  
Okay, that was perfect. And I like how you corrected yourself to not make it be a question. I think that's a really good-- I tend to do that to where "I'm like, I'm trying to be polite. So I ask questions," but I think just giving that firm redirection is perfect.

Teacher  4:49  
 Okay. 

Coach  4:50  
So I'm excited to see you try that in this second round, giving those specific precise redirections where you name the non behavior and move back to the discussion. 

Teacher  4:58  
Okay.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
