Kristyn  0:00  
How did you feel about that? 

Teacher  0:02  
Um, it was okay. It was a little weird. 

Kristyn  0:05  
Yeah, what part was weird?

Teacher  0:07  
Um, the students. *Laughs* I think because they're not actual students, but they sound like actual students.

Kristyn  0:15  
Yeah.

Teacher  0:16  
It's a little weird.

Kristyn  0:18  
It's, it's, it can be like, very jarring. Well, I'm glad that you felt like it went okay. Hopefully our conversation over the next five minutes will help you feel even more prepared to address it a second time. 

One strength that I saw in your first scenario was that you address every single behavior, which is great. You didn't ignore any of the misbehavior, you always addressed by name the student that was off task. And that is so important, because it shows me that you were focused on the objective, and you wanted your class to get as much done as possible. You didn't want anyone in the room to be off task from the objective. So, really nice work on that. That was a great foundation for your first conversation. 

One thing that I want to work on for the next couple minutes is going to be the specificity of your redirection. So, what I mean by that, is the language that you use to get a student back on task. Specificity is really important because you want a student to understand really clearly what they should not or should be doing in a given moment. So, if I think back to your simulation, there were a couple of times where you would say something like, "Ethan, you shouldn't be doing that right now." What do you think is the issue there in terms of specificity?

Teacher  1:42  
I'm not telling him what he shouldn't be doing.

Kristyn  1:46  
Exactly right. And you might remember, how did Ethan respond?

Teacher  1:50  
Yeah.

Kristyn  1:51  
He just kind of kept going. And he was like, "Um, what am I doing?" Like, what's the problem, you know? So there's sort of a gray area there for a student to leave open to interpretation.

Um, so, in your second scenario, when a student is misbehaving, I want you to use very specific and very firm language to redirect the student behavior. So, for instance, when Dev was over chit chatting with Savannah, something like, "Dev, please stop talking to your neighbor and return to the conversation" will really make it clear to Dev what he shouldn't be doing and what he should be doing, and it will prevent you from kind of getting wrapped up in a back and forth with Dev over the course of a couple of minutes, because these things can really escalate. I see than that. 

Teacher  2:39  
Yeah. 

Kristyn  2:40  
And you are in a great place for your first round, but I think you could kind of collapse them even more. Do you have any questions about any of that? Or just thoughts based on how the first one went? 

Teacher  2:51  
Um... No.

Kristyn  2:55  
Okay, okay. Um, why don't we practice this? Um, you kind of just start teaching, ask a question,and I will make some kind of interruption, and I want you to practice redirecting me specifically.

Teacher  3:10  
Okay, um... Good morning, my name is *honorific and teacher's last name* and today we will be going over- Alright.

Kristyn  3:21  
I got a text. 

Teacher  3:22  
Oh, Kristyn, we should not be on our phones right now. Or we shouldn't be calling out. We should be paying attention to what *honorific and teahcer's last name* has to say. Alright? Is that understood?

Kristyn  3:34  
Oh, so what do you want me to do with my...?

Teacher  3:36  
I would like for you to put your phone up and turn around and pay attention to what I have to say.

Kristyn  3:42  
Perfect. That was great. You didn't really engage the misbehavior. It was very quick, it was very specific, and you let the student know what he or she should be doing in a given moment. 

Um, okay, before we get into the next round, I just wanted to kind of address something. You- you were so calm, which is amazing. Like, you were not rattled. I think sometimes teachers can be worried that they're being mean when they redirect student behavior. Your first round was super great in terms of being firm, but also warm. So, I would say just kind of maintain that mentality, like you're trying to set strict boundaries, but you can do it without being, like, super harsh. So, you should feel confident in that area because you did a really nice job on it in the first round. 

Teacher  4:31  
Thank you.

Kristyn  4:32  
Are you ready to give it another go?

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
