Kristyn  0:00  
Give me your thoughts. How do you feel like that went? 

Teacher  0:02  
Um, well, I had very little control. And I had never even practiced thinking about what to do in a sort of, like disruptive situation. And so I very, I didn't have like the agency to, like, be able to assert myself in a way that like made sure that, you know, like, there was a consequence to having expectations, I guess. 

Unknown Speaker  0:25  
Totally. Well explained. Classroom management is the hardest thing ever, and it's something that you will get better at every day. It's very personality driven. Um, so hopefully, our conversation will help you feel like you have some of those tools that you were talking about. One thing that you did really well, and I cannot underestimate this is that you acknowledged every misbehavior and off task behavior. Um, sometimes people will just try to like talk over it or like, act like it's not happening. It was very clear to me that you understood that you needed to address the misbehavior. And you were you were making attempts to do that. And so that's an awesome first step as opposed to just like shouting over them, or trying to carry on with your plan without any regard for what's going on in the room. So great job on that. What we're going to talk about in the next few minutes, is improving the specificity of your redirection. And what I mean by that is making sure that you're giving really clear direct instruction to curb the misbehavior. Why do you think that might be important?

Teacher  1:32  
I mean, it probably connects to those student centered like directions we've been talking about, at least with TFA. And like, knowing expectations for for what you're going to be doing is helpful to both the student and the teacher. So

Kristyn  1:48  
I think that's exactly right. You said that really well. It's helpful for the student to know exactly what constitutes a non behavior and a positive behavior. Um, so for instance, if you kind of ask the student a question, like, do we think that that is appropriate? What's the problem with a question like that?

Teacher  2:09  
It kind of leaves it up to interpretation for them to maybe say like, Yes, I think it is or something of that sort.

Unknown Speaker  2:14  
Exactly right. A kid like Ethan's gonna be like, I think that talking like Darth Vader is appropriate. Right? So just like you said, it kind of creates this room for ambiguity. It's not a specific redirection. On the other hand, I'll generate for you an example of a really specific redirection. If you say something like Ethan, let's stop doing impersonations and rejoin the class discussion. why might that be better?

Teacher  2:39  
It lets him know that his first step is to stop impersations. And the second step is to start paying attention to the class.

Kristyn  2:45  
Exactly right. And it creates a sense of clarity, it immediately addresses the behavior specifically by name and it helps everyone in the room understand what's going on. It also allows you to get back to the task really quickly, as opposed to kind of engaging in a back and forth conversation, which students love the opportunity to do. Um, so why don't we practice this, um, you just kind of start your conversation and I will interrupt you and then you respond, however you think is appropriate.

Teacher  3:17  
Sure. Okay. So we're going to talk about nouns, verbs and adjectives. And we're going to try to Oh, Kristyn, please stop clapping and let's return to the class discussion. 

Kristyn  3:31  
Oh, okay. Yes, ma'am. 

Teacher  3:33  
And yeah,

Kristyn  3:35  
That was really nice. I think sometimes people are like, Oh, isn't that a little bit harsh? Um, you were so calm throughout the first whole scenario, even in chaos, that I don't think anybody's ever gonna perceive you as, like, overly harsh, so don't be afraid to be clear, firm and explicit. And I think that that will go a long way in helping you feel more like you have more agency like you were saying in meeting your objectives for the five minutes. Okay, do you have any questions before we get back into it?

Teacher  4:07  
Um, I guess for this exercise, should I be calling on students to like participate in the discussion? Okay.

Kristyn  4:15  
I think that that's a great idea. They may volunteer but cold calling people is totally fine as well. Um, so just so you know, the scenario is going to start entirely over. So once again, once they appear on screen, you can start your lesson and just address them directly, but you're going to start completely from the beginning. And I'm excited to see you do some good specific redirections

