Coach  0:00  
Hey TEACHER, tell me what was that experience like?

Teacher  0:03  
It was very hard. I did not know what I was doing at all. *laughter* I don't really know how to manage that.

Coach  0:12  
And you know, hopefully you never will have to manage something that is that intense. That's why we try to practice so that you have the experience, then when you go into the classroom of like, "Oh, I can handle this, I have seen far more complicated than this." What I loved that you did was that you engaged with every single behavior, not one went ignored or unacknowledged, you were really, really quickly trying to respond to the student behaviors. And that shows the students that you are noticing that you are engaged and you are responding to what is happening. What I want to work on with you today is being exactly more specific, and how you are going about your redirections. So when I think of a specific redirection for a student who is off task, to me, that is like, I'm going to address the student by name, and then tell them what behavior I want to stop or start. Let me-- I'm just looking back at my notes for a second. I'm gonna read to you what you said when Ethan was playing video games. Okay. "I'm sorry, Ethan, do you mind being quiet? Please? I know you're excited. It's a fun day. But can we keep that for another class? Please?" He kept going. Then you said, "Do you mind not singing and playing fake musical instruments in class?" Now, what I noticed with these is that you are being so polite, which is lovely. You are not showing that you are getting frustrated, you're saying beautifully calm. But you have a tendency to frame things as questions when you want to be redirecting behavior, and you have a little bit of a tendency to use the "we" or the "us" or "let's." Now, how could that be confusing for students?

Teacher  2:05  
I guess if you're saying like "we" they're thinking, "Okay, well, everybody else isn't doing it. So the general we is not doing that behavior. So it's okay that I'm still doing it," I guess.

Coach  2:16  
Yeah, absolutely. And I think the same can come across sometimes with questions as well, where if you phrase a redirection as a question, we as teachers are trying to do it in a polite way. But sometimes for our students, it comes off as, we are being a little wishy washy, or it's optional, that they can choose to or choose not to do it. So instead of saying, for example, "ethan, we're not whistling now." Instead, you could say, "Ethan, please stop whistling." 

Teacher  2:50  
Okay.

Coach  2:50  
 I'll keep the politeness that you're going for, but it will leave less room open for confusion. Okay, so let's do a little practice. I want you to be a misbehaving child. I will try to give you a specific redirection.

Teacher  3:09  
Okay, so I'm just like not paying attention.

Coach  3:16  
Hey, TEACHER, please put your phone away.

Teacher  3:22  
Oh, am I supposed to keep going?

Coach  3:23  
No, that was totally fine. But then that redirection. You can say it with a smile, say it with a please. But it leaves less room open for confusion than "we are not on our phones right now." 

Teacher  3:38  
Okay. That makes sense.

Coach  3:40  
Okay.So let's do a little practice. I am going to be misbehaving. I want you to try to be as specific as possible with your redirection of my behavior. Okay. 

Teacher  3:49  
Okay. 

Coach  3:51  
Does anyone have a nail file?

Teacher  3:53  
Hey, COACH, we're not--

Coach  3:55  
Yeah?

Teacher  3:56  
 having our nails--

Coach  3:56  
Do you have a nail file?

Teacher  3:58  
 No, I don't, but we're not going to be doing our nails right? Or-- I'm sorry...I said we.

Coach  4:04  
 that's why we practice it's okay.Try again.

Teacher  4:06  
Okay. Hey, COACH. You're not supposed to be doing your nails right now. Do you mind paying attention? Or-- please pay attention to class.

Coach  4:14  
Yes, that was great. That was so much more direct about what you wanted me to do. I think if you find yourself starting a redirection and you're like, "Oh, that's not the most precise way of doing it." Because this is practice, feel free to cut yourself off and try again.

Teacher  4:36  
 Okay. 

Coach  4:37  
Okay, before we do the simulation again from the beginning. Do you want to do another round of practice with me? Or do you have any questions? What would be most helpful to you?

Teacher  4:49  
I think I'll be okay. I think just being in the simulation again, and then just being more like aware of what I'm saying.

Coach  4:57  
Okay, fabulous. I'm so excited. You're gonna do a great job of being very precise in what you're asking students to do or really telling students to do *laughs*

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
