Anna  0:00  
Tell me a little bit about what the experience was like for you.

Teacher 0:05  
Uh, it was a little frustrating because I kind of felt like I had no control. And so I was trying to find ways to, to leverage what they were talking about in order to get it to class norm. So like, yeah, if we want to talk about like WandaVision, or if we want to hear Ethan's impressions on like, super mario, or whatever, there's a time and a place to do that. And the best way to do that is so that we're all respectful and attentive learners and listeners. And what that looks like would be x, y, z in this particular context. And that's what I was wanting to get to. But again, like Ethan was just like, yeah, I'm super mario and all these different impressions and being Luke, like Darth Vader. And yeah, so it was a little frustrating in that sense, but is definitely helpful in the sense that like, that is something that is going to happen at some point during the semester so.

Anna 0:54  
Lisa, what grade are you going to be teaching in the fall? 

Teacher 0:57
Sixth Grade

Anna 0:58
Oh, yeah, this is, so I taught sixth through 12th. And you are absolutely correct in saying that this is an experience that will happen in the fall, hopefully not to the same magnitude as we're seeing in this practice. But what I want to work on you with is how you can be more precise in your language to reach your goal. Because you are doing a really great job of trying to make sure that students knew that when you are setting a norm, it applies to everyone equally, that you are not trying to be targeting one student out right now. And then every student has to meet the same expectation. What we can do to try to improve kind of the amount of time that you spend on your redirections is being very quick and clear with exactly behavior that you want to see start or stop. So was there one particular behavior that stood out to you was like the most frustrating?

Teacher  2:01  
I guess, like, the outbursts from Ethan. Like, they're just kind of be very random, almost. Or like I would say something. And Ethan would understand, like, I remember at one point, I briefly explained like, this is why this isn't appropriate. And he asked, he was like, why isn't this appropriate? And I said, this is why it isn't appropriate. He was like, Okay, I got it, but then return back to that behavior, like seconds later. So

Anna  2:27  
yeah, so one of the things that we can do in a situation like that, is helping students by rather than just saying it's not appropriate now, also letting them know, therefore you need to stop the behavior. Okay, so you can turn that into a, Ethan, now's not the time to talk about Super Mario. Instead, please talk about Super Mario at lunch, then by offering the alternate time when it is appropriate, that can help us students understand that you weren't referring to that particular second of it being inappropriate, but rather, there is another time that the behavior would be okay for. Let me see, I'm just going to try to find that example in my notes. Oh, so when you said when Ethan was doing Darth Vader was, "Ethan is much as I appreciate your impressions,they're not appropriate for what we're doing right now in class. You're taking a lot of class time away from what we're trying to talk about and we're spending so much time redirecting." One way that you could shorten that to be a little bit more specific. And to address your concern that you're spending so much time redirecting is to say, "Ethan, please stop your Darth Vader impersonation and instead do it at lunch. Instead, can you share a classroom norm with us?" And then that combination can help him come back into the conversation a little bit easier and a little bit faster. So Lisa, let's do a little practice, where I'm going to be a misbehaving student and I want you to in as few words as possible, tell me what behavior should stop or change okay? Does anyone have any snacks? I forgot to pack lunch today. Oh, God, do you have any snacks? Like Cheetos? Miss Lisa, you can interrupt me any time? Does anyone have any snack code?

Teacher 4:34  
Anna we're not talking about snacks right now but we can talk about it either during snack time or at lunch.

Anna  4:41  
Okay, so I want you to get comfortable interrupting me if I am off track, I am distracting the class it is not rude for you to interrupt me and tell me that I am. That I am doing the wrong thing. I think one thing I want you to try to even improve that practice, even to another letter, or to another level, is to try to say, "Anna, you should not talk about that now", instead of we should not talk about that now. Because sometimes if it's a situation, especially with your beautiful, beautiful middle school children who are going to get confused by things really easily, if you say like, "we are not making noise right now", then the students can be like, "oh, but you're making noise". 

Teacher 5:32
Yeah, I get sarcasm at that age so it makes sense. 

Anna 5:38
Yes, I went from teaching high school to then teaching Middle School, which was backwards, going from middle school to high school would have been a much, much, much smarter life choice, but precision of language is crucial for middle schoolers. My goodness. Okay, Lisa, before we give round two another practice, is there any question I can answer for you, or anything you want to do before we give us another try?

Teacher 6:06  
I guess my main thing would be my natural instinct was going into that to just like shut even down and be like, "Hey, we're not doing that right now. Let's stop." And then just ended up that instead of like, "Hey, I appreciate that you want to try and engage" and then trying to leverage that my natural instinct was to just shut it down. But then I do acknowledge and realize that that's not helpful in getting into like you mentioned before, like re entering the conversation. So I guess like, my question would be like, what are other, I guess, short and sweet phrases to kind of do that, like, say like, hey, this behavior isn't appropriate, and then redirect them in a positive and nurturing way? If that makes sense.

Anna  6:57  
I'm a big fan of "please stop x, instead can you blank?" Okay? That just that personally works for me. I think you can find your own version of what works for you authentically. But I do really appreciate that you're addressing that tension between my instinct is cut it off so we can move on quickly, but I also don't want to come off as rude or harsh or abrasive in that situation. I think that's why I love pairing the two together of it is okay to be very specific with your redirection. But immediately followed by including me back in that conversation. Don't go "Dev stop talking, Jasmine, can you share a norm?" Because then if I'm Dev, I'm still going to be stewing in my feelings. Okay, I'm feeling good about this, I think. Let's try it. It's gonna go great. I'm excited.
