Coach 0:00  
Okay, end simulation, thank you so much for completing that simulation. Now we're gonna have kind of a five minute coaching, opportunity to reflect on that. So how did you feel about that simulation?

Teacher 0:11
It was, it was, it was okay. I feel I felt like there was some delay, I had a hard time figuring out who is speaking a little bit, a little bit from their physical, like, they move around, so I could tell that they were doing something. But besides that, I thought it was it was pretty, like, chaotic. I don't even know how old they are. So I can't really figure it out like the approach, how far they could go.

Coach 0:43
Right, they kind of present as middle schoolers?  Yeah, that's kind of their general demeanor, in my opinion, not knowing on national opinion. Um, so I think to your point, one strength that I saw in your simulation was you acknowledged every single off task behavior. Um, anytime somebody was doing something that was detracting from your objective, you named that person, you didn't try to talk over them, you didn't engage with the off task behavior, do you like blackwidow? That's great, that shows me that you're committed to your objective, and you're willing to have those types of redirected interactions with students. So kudos to you on that. Um, one thing that I wanted to talk about in our next couple of minutes together is how we might improve the specificity of your redirection. And what I mean by that is using the most precise language possible, when trying to redirect off task behavior, why do you think that might be really important with students?

Teacher  1:46  
Specific redirection, like, I'm trying to get their attention back or like. I think we talked about specific in terms of like, the language I use. Yeah, I think I mean, just through the simulation, there was something like going back and forth, like, Oh, I'm not saying I'm not talking blah, blah, blah. So I guess I have to be really specific. That's why I said no making sounds. So unless, unless I tell you to, unless pointed upon where I tell you, I call your name.
Yeah, I think that definitely makes a clear so that they know what to do. And so like, if a student is like, even if they start like being really nitpicky in terms of what you say that, they know clearly.

Coach 2:39
Totally, a couple of things to remember, when you're walking into a brand new classroom, one, there are no norms. So when you say something like, oh, be respectful, or don't be distracting, who knows what was normalized in their last classroom, or what is normalized in their outside of school lives, they may be bringing a lot of different sort of assumptions about what it means to be respectful when someone else is talking. So like you said, they really need to know exactly what to do, and also what not to do. So in our next round of practice, I want you to try to use the most precise language possible when redirecting student behavior. Just to refer back to your simulation, there were a couple of times where you said something like, let's save that for later. That could kind of refer to a broader range of behavior and time throughout the day is later in 60 seconds is later at lunch. So saying something like, please stop talking to your neighbor until lunchtime will help the student really have no ambiguity about what they should and should not be doing. Um, what are your thoughts on that? Do you have any questions, comments, concerns?

Teacher  4:00  
About this specifically? Oh, yeah, I think. I think that makes sense. I definitely was trying to, but it was like, a lot of *inaudible* on that. Yeah, I really get that I felt through the conversation I have with Ethan like that. Definitely. I should be more precise, and yeah.

Coach 4:23
Cool. And you may have noticed that when you did use precise language, he actually did stop what he was doing when you said okay, no more singing Ethan. He was like, Oh, okay. Um, so let's practice this really quickly. Before I let you go.  I'm gonna do you just ask you know, ask a question, start a conversation about norms, and I'm going to do something ridiculous and I want you to redirect me specifically.

Teacher 4:50
Okay, so I just ask a question.

Coach 4:52
Yeah, a norms question. 

Teacher  4:57  
What kind of norms should be we setting today? Kristin, come on Kristin. Let's not, oh don't don't bang your binders don't bang binders. You could do that after class.

Coach 5:18
Perfect That was great. I really like how you corrected yourself where you were like let's not do that... Wait wait stopping in your binder and you did it in a way that was calm but firm, polite but directed so perfect balance there. Are you ready to give it another shot? 

Teacher 5:39
For sure.

Coach  5:39  
You're gonna do great you it'll be it's always easier the second time around because you know what to expect. Okay, same same objective, same parameters and I will appear at the end of five minutes.
