Kristyn  0:00  
So okay, tell me how did you feel about that? Just give me your thoughts. You can vent.

Teacher  0:05  
I mean, like, is there anything that I can like, say to to Ethan or is he just gonna do that no matter what?

Kristyn  0:13  
Yeah, I think that's a fair question. Um, I think it's worth noting that like in the classroom interruptions and misbehavior escalates. That is just a reality of being in a class, and so hopefully, we can have a conversation that can kind of help you figure out how to collapse as opposed to escalate that kind of ridiculousness. Um, one thing that I saw that you were doing really well, that I really cannot overstate is you acknowledged every misbehavior by name. So when kids started acting off topic, off task, and deviating from the objective, you said their name, and it was very clear that you understood that that was distracting from your objective, you didn't try to talk over them, you didn't like engage them, and like, okay, sure, "we'll just talk about Disney plus," and that shows me that you were focused on the objective. So that was really great. Something that I want to practice in these five minutes is improving the specificity of your redirection. And what I mean by that is making sure that when you are trying to correct student behavior, you use really, really precise and firm language to let the students know what you're looking for. Why do you think that might be really important?

Teacher  1:29  
Um, well, the more specific you are, the less room for interpretation and give them an inch, they'll take a mile.

Kristyn  1:39  
Totally. If we think back to that scenario that you just said, there were like a couple times where you would say something like, you're being distracting and the boy would say something like, "I don't, I don't think I'm being distracting. How is this distracting?" And it kind of created this back and forth that starts to seem a little bit absurd, but the truth is, kids bring like a lot of different behavioral norms into the classroom, depending on former classes, other classes, home situations, and they really may not have a good sense for what is appropriate in the room. So, when a student is misbehaving, I want you to use as precise love language as possible to let them know what they should and should not be doing. So for instance, if Ethan is acting like Darth Vader, say something like "Ethan, please stop doing an impersonation. Please stop acting like Darth Vader" and return to the conversation. What do you think of that? Why do you think that might be better?

Teacher  2:36  
Um, I mean, it's just very specific. And then they're directly going across my words, if they refuse that. And then I think I really messed up, calling him Mr. Vader, kind of paniced there.

Kristyn  2:53  
It's really hard because that's what he told you to do. When you said something like, "Hey, Ethan, what are you doing there," it opens up this back and forth conversation that it, I mean, it's so hard on the spot to like make the right decision. So I think one of your goals can be like, eliminate the room for response, eliminate the room for ambiguity, and try to end that conversation as quickly as possible by just saying, "Let's stop doing that." And you can do that in a way that's like firm and direct without it coming off as like mean, or, like overly dictatorial or anything like that. And you were striking a nice balance of that already in your initial simulation. Okay, so why don't we practice this, you start teaching, and I'm gonna do something ridiculous and I just want you to respond to me in a way that you think is specific. 

Teacher  3:39  
Okay. 

Kristyn  3:42  
You can start this, okay, teach in some way. 

Teacher  3:45  
So we're gonna go over what we can be or what we can do to be the best students possible. Um, Kristen, could you please stop fanning your book like that? It's very distracting for the rest of the classroom.

Kristyn  4:01  
"Yes, sir. Thank you." That was, that was really great. So you named the behavior, you told them quickly what you did not want them doing you name to me. That is all perfect behavior. So that's exactly what I want you to try to do in the second round of this simulation. When you start this conversation over from the beginning and give it another shot. Do you have any questions before we get into round two?

Teacher  4:26  
No questions.

