Coach  0:00  
How are you feeling about your first simulation?

Teacher  0:03  
It was very stressful. I've actually been in the classroom before and I haven't experienced something like that. It's quite intense. So it was, um... I kind of ran out of strategies to what I usually do when I try to like *audio cuts out*

Coach  0:19  
Yeah. Well, and I think that's totally fine that you're feeling that way and it makes sense why you're feeling that way. This is a really targeted opportunity for you to practice. And hopefully during this time, we can give you some new strategies to add to your arsenal. You had a lot of really good things going for you that you can employ when you do it again and have a different experience in the simulator. How does that sound?

Teacher  0:41  
Yeah, that sounds great.

Coach  0:42  
Great! So one thing that really made me excited was that you... It was really clear that you knew the behaviors were happening, and you were timely in addressing them in the way that you chose to address them. So often, you said something like, if, for example, Ethan kept doing these behaviors, you said, "Ethan, what did they say? Ethan what-" So you were telling the student that you knew the behavior was happening. 

But I think one thing that really works *inaudible* is being really specific when you redirect the student. And so, I want to work on being specific with you. This is really important, because it tells the students that you see them doing the misbehavior. It tells them exactly what the behavior is, and you either tell them what to keep, like what to do instead, or what not to do anymore, and it makes it really clear and explicit for the student. And so, for example, one of the times you said, you just ask them, like, "Do you think it's fair to the other students?" Right? And this is like, he might say, "Well, yeah, it's kind of fun." Right? And so instead, what you might say, is, "Ethan, please stop drumming, we want to hear the other students talk." And so saying their name, and explicitly what you want them to do and keeping it brief and shor, is a way to sort of nip it in the bud, so that they stop. And then you can go right back into your norms conversation. Why do you think that would be better than asking the student if- why they should stop the behavior?

Teacher  2:12  
I feel like the other one was more of a reflective question that can take place later and they might not be in the mode to be reflecting and seeing through a different student's perspective. And so, I have to first acknowledge... Get the student to acknowledge the action that needs to be stopped, rather than jumping right into that reflective mode.

Coach  2:34  
Yeah, absolutely. And there's definitely time for that to, like, have that conversation in your classroom when you're building community, like when you're setting norms, but sometimes when you have students like, I have had students that have been like this, and they really thrived from, like, direct and explicit redirection. Like, oh, this isn't what you want but this is what you want. You actually did a really great thing at one point when he was doing his Darth Vader imitation. You were like, tell me during lunch. And that was the part that's like, it was good, and then the next level would be, "Ethan, you cannot do your impression right now, but you can tell me during lunch." And you did a really good job of giving him a specific time to remove that too. But to give him like, say, what is he going to tell you during lunch was sort of unclear, right, and for the student. And so, just always acting as if the student won't know what you mean unless you're really explicit with them is really helpful for scenarios like this when you experience difficult behaviors in the classroom. 

Alright, so we talked about how it's really important when you give redirections to be really specific, really specific, because it helps the teacher- or, helps the student know exactly what you mean, and then so they can stop more efficiently. And that also makes more time for you to have your norms conversation, and less time, like, debriefing on the distracting behavior, because it really gets attention to that- that behavior you don't want to see and we don't want to spend time doing that. So, let's talk about an example. Let's say I'm whistling. And what's something you might say to me if I'm whistling?

Teacher  4:12  
Maybe you shouldn't be whistling during class.

Coach  4:15  
Yeah, and I think you can be even more explicit, like, "Coach, stop whistling, you can whistle after class." Or, "Coach, stop whistling". And then you'll be- And that's all it takes. Like, it should be that quick to turn around. Does that make sense? And so, making sure that it's not a question like, should you be whistling during class? Maybe. Maybe I want to whistle during class, right? And so, that's where we're really trying to avoid any loophole for a student who might say like, "Well, I don't know, can I and yes, maybe," right? And so, really preparing for that. But it also provides a really clear opportunity for students to meet your expectation and succeed. Does that make sense? 

Teacher  4:55  
Yeah, it does. It's just kind of like... It for me sounds so harsh, but I do see, like, where I do have to, like, set that line and not have, like, them trying to negotiate or like rebuttal what I'm saying. But, yeah.

Coach  5:07  
Yes, and I know what you're feeling, but as a veteran teacher, the gift to students, it's in your tone. If you use a harsh and mean tone, then they're going to feel that. If you use a neutral tone where they're not getting at you in any way, you're just like, "Ethan, stop whistling." Oh, that's what I need to do to please my teacher, and that's what I want to do. And it's when they can't figure out what you want, that that's almost in my mind as a teacher, like, more unkind of the student because they're gonna end up getting in trouble because I wasn't clear with what I wanted them to do. So I understand that feeling, but also be bold and know that students like to understand exactly what they need from you. 

Teacher  5:21  
Okay.

Coach  5:45  
Okay, so you did a really great job.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
