Anna  0:00  
So tell me more about that experience. What is it like for you when you feel? Or just tell me even how do you feel? What is that experience like?

Teacher  0:09  
You know, I always feel bad about, not calling them out, but being like, hey, like, I need you to focus back on me. And like, you know, kind of let those distractions go away. And like, I feel bad about that calling out because all students suddenly focus on that particular student, and they're all aware of it even more. So then now they're all looking for that distraction again. And such I feel like it's more of like, uh-oh, he's doing it again. And then it starts like the "Miss! Miss! He's doing this again! Which causes more distractions. I have a student like that, who will like, we'll be talking about...I don't know. Today, we're talking about science. Suddenly, he's like: "How many times you think I could drink juice through a spoon?" or something like that. And I'm just like, how did we get from science to spoons?

Anna  0:56  
This is definitely a question Dev would ask. Ethan would start playing the spoons in class, but Dev would definitely ask you about drinking through a spoon.

Teacher  1:06  
Yeah. That was an interesting simulation. I could feel my stress levels going up just a little bit. I was like, Okay, I'm not getting through. I'm not getting through, how do I change that.

Anna  1:19  
That's what I want to help you on. So one thing that you did super well, was that you were patient and positive throughout. So even though you're telling me that you are frustrated, you're not letting that show to your students. You were responding in a fun way of: Okay, Lord Vader, let's let Ethan come back. That was really trying to not turn it into a negative situation. The skill that I want to practice with you when we try round two, is to try to be very specific in the redirection as far as being very clear of the behavior you want to see stop, or the behavior you want to see start. So for example, that would look like: "Dev, please stop talking about drinking soup through a straw". Just really clear. That it isn't really open for interpretation of: "Well, what do you mean stop making noise" or "some people think I can do it after class and right now!" So was there one behavior in particular that you remember feeling especially frustrated with when you were trying to redirect it? And I could look back at my notes or what you were saying. 

Teacher  2:27  
Behavior? Like my behavior or students behavior? 

Anna  2:30  
One of Ethan's or Dev's behaviors? Was there anyone that you particularly remember?

Teacher  2:37  
Was it his booping? He's like, little beeping his booping where he was like, doo doo, doo doo doo doo doo doo doo. I was like, Okay. Okay.

Anna  2:46  
Looking at my notes for that, what you said was:  "Hey, Ethan. I really love those noises you're making. But how about let's wait until classes over for them?" Do you remember how Ethan got confused by that? When you said let's wait until classes over?

Teacher  3:03  
Yeah. Because he was like: "So, should I do them now and then do them again, after class?" And I was like: "That's not what I meant." But I could see, I could see where that was coming from. Yeah, I could see that.

Anna  3:14  
So what I want you to practice in round two is just being really clear with what you mean of: "Ethan, please stop making those noises. Stop making boops." 

Teacher  3:25  
Okay.

Anna  3:25  
Just be really clear about that. And then, when you have that specificity of your expectation, it can be really helpful to address your feeling that you were mentioning earlier, and now everyone is focusing in on it. If you follow it up immediately with now can you help us by sharing out a classroom norm? I really like that one too. So then you're not loitering or lingering on the negative behavior. It's bringing immediately back in the conversation. So let's do a practice one. I am going to be misbehaving. And I want you to tell me what behavior I need to stop. And then try to bring me back into the discussion. Okay?

Teacher  4:06  
Okay.

Anna  4:07  
Okay, you're ready? 

Teacher  4:08  
Yes. 

Anna  4:10  
*in student's voice* Does anyone have any extra thread? I pulled my needle, I need some more thread.

Teacher  4:16  
Hey, Anna. Hey.

Anna  4:18  
Do you have more thread?

Teacher  4:20  
I love that you know how to knit or sew or whatever you're doing. But that should wait, and we should stop doing that right now. So let's not, let's not ask for a needle from our classmates and that's less not sew in class. All right? So how about you give me a class expectations we should expect?

Anna  4:38  
Um, we should be nice to each other. 

Teacher  4:41  
That sounds perfect. Thank you, Anna.

Anna  4:44  
 Okay, so how did you feel about that practice?

Teacher  4:48  
It was good. I was confused a little about like, was it sewing or was it knitting and then trying to be very specific about like, should I ask like: don't ask for a needle and then don't sew in class because we don't ask for a needle. But then you can still do the thing without asking for the needle.Those being very specific about what I need to tell you. 

Anna  5:10  
And I think it's okay. If you even keep that a little bit shorter of: "Anna please stop sewing". And if I am knitting and you say sewing, that's not the end of the world. But you can even make it a little bit shorter when you're delivering that redirection. So you just bring me right back in with the classroom norms. If it turns out that I was secretly crocheting and not sewing in the first place. I'll probably say that to you, and then you can try to redirect me again and it's okay. 

Teacher  5:41  
Sounds good. Okay. Okay. 

Anna  5:43  
Okay, so do you have any questions before we try round two?

Teacher  5:47  
Um, no, it's just I was not expecting this with the simulations. I was not expecting, but I like it. I like this. It's a lot more calmer than what I was expecting.

Anna  5:59  
Okay, great. I feel like you might be the first person in world history for behavioral redirections to be calmer for you. So this is exciting. I love it. Okay. Well, I am very much looking forward to round two, you got this, you are going to try to be more specific. If a redirection doesn't work the first time. You're just going to try another redirection. That's great. That's why we're practicing. 

