Coach  0:00  
How are we feeling about the first simulation?

Teacher  0:03  
Ah, am I allowed? Like, what can I do? I assume that I can't do anything such as, hey, if you keep being disruptive in the class, I'm gonna have to send you to the principal's office or something like that. Not that that would be like, the immediate response. But is it even something that I can consider?

Coach  0:23  
I think like, treat this as if you're in a live classroom. And I think these small behaviors, there's we're going to talk about ways that you can address them that won't take you to the let's go to the principal's office. And so a lot of times, like, that's a great question. And we want this to feel like it's in a live classroom. So you can try it, but I don't think you're going to get the best results with that strategy.

Teacher  0:45  
Yeah.

Coach  0:47  
Does that make sense? 

Teacher  0:48  
Yeah. 

Coach  0:49  
Do you have any other questions before we start? 

Teacher  0:52  
Oh, no, I just want to hear what you have to say.

Coach  0:55  
Sure. Okay. Well, first, you did a really nice job, the first thing that we're looking for is that you as a teacher, notice misbehaviors in a timely way. And so this is something that was a strength of yours right away, you said the student's name. And then you started to redirect them, right. And so that's a really strong thing. But what I wanted to work on with you today is being specific with your redirection. And so you notice this at one in the very first, when Ethan was whistling, you said, Ethan, I need you to be quiet while everyone's talking. It's important to be respectful and you continued the conversation. And he said, Well, I thought I wasn't talking because I was whistling. And you were like, Oh, let me rephrase, please be quiet. And so this sort of illustrates the whole point of being specific with students. And so thinking about for the very first one, Ethan was playing his he had his video game, and he was talking about the video game. And you said, great rhythm, I would like everyone to listen and everyone to listen to each other. But what does it look like and sound like to listen? And so what being specific would be is saying, like, Ethan, please stop making noise. Let's listen to our peers silently. Right? So being really specific, so they clearly know what your expectation is. And you used a lot of questions, can you be quiet for a little bit, and a student will say to you, I don't know, can I? or right, so it's be specific, you can be very neutral. That is, in my opinion, like the best way to handle it, just like Ethan, please be quiet. And the most students were like, oh, what you need for me, you can either say that you should say their name, so they know who you're talking to. Either the thing you want them to do, I need your mouth to stop, like, I need your mouth closed and your eyes on me, or please stop talking. So it sounds like you're going to be placed in high school. So you'll probably want to save that action to stop doing so that your expectation is really clear. And so the things that you you did a lot of times, please be respectful. But it's the very first day of school. What does respectful mean to you? What does it look like and sound like, right? And so you could say, Ethan, please be quiet. That's one way you respect me. And then you keep and then you keep going. And so that also will support you in being like, shorter time spent on redirecting and more time spent on determining your classroom norms and why they're important. Does that make sense? 

Teacher  3:15  
Yeah, that makes sense. 

Coach  3:16  
Okay. Why do you think it's important to be specific when you redirect a student? How is that better than asking them a question or giving them a broad, like, kind of probing them for what they should be doing?

Teacher  3:27  
It sets a clear standard that they can be held accountable to. 

Coach  3:31  
Yeah, yeah. And it just sort of makes it clear, I think, I mean, as an adult, I like to know what's expected of me. I like when it's clear and laid out. And so for our students, it's important that we do the same thing. And so we talked about that it's really important that redirections are specific. You were already timely. So we want to be specific to the student, what do we want them to do or to stop doing? So let's say that Dev in this scenario is he is whispering to his neighbor, Ava, what might you say to Dev to be specific? 

Teacher  4:07  
Dev I need you to stop talking to Ava. 

Coach  4:09  
Great. Yep, you can say Dev stop talking to Ava and you did this at time you did this in one of your examples you said they said when can we talk about it and you were like not now at lunch or recess and you can do that like Dev stop talking to either right now you can talk to Ava at recess. So you don't have to add the second bit but you can if you want because that's something that seemed to be sort of natural to you as are redirecting students. Alright, so we're gonna practice I will be an off task student and I want you to provide me with a specific redirection.

Teacher  4:43  
Katie, can you look at me. Katie, I need you to work on what we're working on right now. We should be learning point-slope form on the paper. 

Coach  4:50  
Great. Okay. And think about like I was I don't know if you could hear me banging because I have my headphones in. I realized that afterwards. Um, but it would be like look at eyes on me and please stop banging which is great. You can also use nonverbal signals. So you could say Ethan, right, which would be Be quiet, right? So those are also strategies. Alright, I'm excited to see you do the simulation again.

