Kristyn  0:00  
Tell me your thoughts. How do you think that went? What stood out to you?

Teacher  0:04  
That was a lot. That was, I was really trying, you know, um, it's tough though, too, because I feel like nonverbal communication is such a key component of like student, like, recognizing student behavior and trying to correct it. And without that, like, it's kind of tough for me.

Kristyn  0:31  
I totally understand that, that's been such a hard thing in the pandemic, like Zoom format has been like, trying to remake our classroom management personas, because I totally rely on the like, like raised eyebrows kind of thing, and that just doesn't go over zoom. Hopefully, our conversation over the next four or five minutes will help you kind of have some strategies. Oh, and there you went. Oh, that was awkward. Maybe he'll return? We'll give him a second. I can't wait for someone to watch these recordings and see me interacting with myself here. Oh, there we go. 

Hey.

Teacher  1:58  
So sorry about that.

Kristyn  2:01  
You were there, and then you were gone. I was like, oh, I'm talking to myself.

Teacher  2:04  
Yeah, it's fine all day today, and then suddenly, like, tonight, it's acting up,

Kristyn  2:09  
I have the same problem where everyone comes home from work, and then my WiFi doesn't work anymore, so I understand you're good. Um, we'll hope for the best here. Like I was saying, just over the next four minutes, hopefully, we can kind of give you some strategies to help you feel more confident about ways to bring them all back together. One thing that I saw that you did really, really well in that simulation was you actually responded to every single behavior, you didn't try to talk over them. You didn't try to act like it wasn't happening or engage with the conversation about Darth Vader or superheroes. And that is great, because it shows me that you remembered what your goal was, and you stayed focused on that and you were cognizant of your time limits, so nice job on that. It can be easy to just kind of go with whatever they're doing. One thing that I want to work on in the next couple of minutes is going to be the specificity of your directions to the kids when you're providing a behavioral redirection. So what I mean by that is using really precise language in terms of telling them what you do and do not want them to do. Why do you think that might be important?

Teacher  3:18  
I mean, kids can be very literal at times. And it's, its idea of like scaffolding directions, you know, I need to use terms in language that are easily understandable and they understand the expectations 

Kristyn  3:30  
Yes, yes, that's a really that's really well explained. I'm thinking back to you one of the moments in your simulation where you said something like, "Ethan, why don't you keep that in your head?" And he kind of was like, "In my mouth, like in my head." Like, he just kind of took the ambiguity in that statement and ran with it right? Um, so next time when a student is misbehaving, I want you to try naming the misbehavior and being really specific in redirecting it. So saying, like, "Ethan, please stop doing impersonations. I'd love for you to rejoin our conversation." And that will kind of help you Ethan understand what he should not be doing and what you want him doing without going down that crazy rabbit hole of, you know, whatever retort he may have to your slightly vague language. Um, one thing that people kind of can say is like, "Oh, I want to be nice to them." I think as long as you're like, polite, you were really good about being like upbeat and positive. You didn't get frustrated, so I don't think you're gonna run the risk of coming of as like, angry or anything like that. What do you think of all that? Questions?

Teacher  4:41  
Yeah, I mean, like to, at the end there to, that's what I was gonna I was gonna ask him like, "Hey, could you just be quiet for a minute as we focus," is that something along the lines of like, simplifying the language, they're just being very clear, is that coming off like a little bit too strongly?

Kristyn  4:56  
I don't think it's too strong at all. I actually think you could be even more explicit than just "be quiet" I there may have even been a moment where you said like "Why don't you be a little bit quieter" and he started humming at a lower decibel which is not exactly what you want. So I think even saying like "Ethan save the whistling for recess" or you know "Ethan no whistling in class" like being really articulate about and really specific about what he should not do. But I don't think it's, it's you know indicating that is at all too harsh and students respond really really well to like stated norms and really clear guidelines in my experience especially Ethan, the Ethan's of the world. Um, any questions on that?

Teacher  5:45  
I want to have a question, but it's haha

Kristyn  5:48  
Your good um, why don't we give this a practice round? You start teaching, start introducing norms and I'm going to do something ridiculous and I just want you to redirect me.

Teacher  5:58  
Okay, Okay, perfect. All right, y'all. "As we come together, let's think about how we want our classroom to look like what rules do you want.

Kristyn  6:07  
"Oh got a text!'

Teacher  6:07  
Oh, Kristin. Let's save the texting for after class. Let's come back. Thank you very much. Thank you so much. All right. Do you have maybe a rule that you had in mind?

Kristyn  6:19  
"Yes, sir." Okay, that was perfect. You named the behavior, you gave a time when I could do that, and then you brought me back into the conversation, which is great because it engages the kid that was clearly off task in what should be going on. So I think that was perfect.

