Teacher  0:00  
 Oh my gosh, that was so fun.

Anna  0:06  
 I know I have done this practice too. And it is so tough when your students like, both in the simulation and in real life when they're doing something so funny, it can be hard to be like, my teacher voice right now, but you are hilarious.

Teacher  0:22  
That's how I felt was like laughing. But I'm like, I need to be firm.

Anna  0:28  
That is such a hard skill to perfect. Because when you are with your actual students who like if I laugh right now, I'm kind of sending you the message that this behavior is okay. Yeah, that's such a fine line. So tell me more about how you feel like this simulation went?

Teacher  0:46  
I definitely did work on need to work on my firmness. I'm, I'm a little scared, because I know it's a simulation. But when I get in the classroom, I know it's obviously going to be real students. And it's going to be very different. So I definitely want to work on classroom management, because I feel like that is definitely something that you learn over time. And as you have students, it's not something you can let take a class and learn about unless you're in that environment. So there's a little bit worried about like my friend list, because I feel like when I'm around kids, it's hard for me to be really harsh or not harsh, but a little more strict on them. But yeah, I would like to work on that.

Anna  1:24  
So one thing I can work with you on today is being not harsh. But being more direct in the behavior that you want to see change. I noticed that there were kind of three patterns that you had in the way you went about redirections. The first one that you use us in me a lot. Like I want us to be completely silent, and I want us to settle down. And then that can sometimes be confusing for students. Because they might look around the room and say, Oh, well, most people are so it's okay. And then the other thing that I noticed that you do is you tend to use redirections. And sorry, I'm also looking at my notes, you tend to use redirections they're not necessarily specific or direct to behavior that you want to see change. Do you remember the one that you were directing Ethan with that kind of got confusing for him? But he's like,

Teacher  2:22  
Yeah, he's like, I'm settled down. Yeah...

Anna  2:25  
Exactly. So I think things like settle down and focus to me fall into the same categories. redirections like, be respectful, because they can be interpreted so differently by so many different people. So instead of when Ethan was drumming, what you said was okay, even I'm gonna need you to settle down. Instead, what you can try saying even please stop drumming. That way, you are not being harsh, because you're including the please and the niceness, but you are much clearer with exactly the behavior you want to see stuff. Okay, let me give you another example. And dev was talking about superheroes. What you said to them was death. All right, we need to focus. Yes, I need you to focus on what we're talking about. Okay. If you could rephrase that to be more direct. What do you think you could say instead?

Teacher  3:27  
Ask the depth to stop talking about superheroes, because that's not the task that we're focused on.

Anna  3:34  
Yeah, and then you can follow that up immediately, but then bringing him back into the task. Like Dev, they stop talking about superheroes. Instead, can you share with us a classroom norm and then that also will eliminate some of the harshness that you're concerned about? Because we're then bringing him right back into the discussion and making sure that you are not dwelling on the redirection you are already moving on. So I couldn't be more helpful for you if we did a practice where you were the misbehaving student and I modeled how I would redirect or would be more helpful if I was missing students and you practice redirecting.

Teacher  4:14  
Um Oh, watch you model. redirection.

Anna  4:21  
You got it. Okay. Okay, so should we for fun misbehavior? You want to go for it? Okay. La la la la la la la la la la la. Oh, thank you. Do you have a classroom norm you can share for us?

Teacher  4:41  
Yeah, I think a classroom norm should be respect one another.

Anna  4:46  
That is a fabulous idea i on it now can you call on another one of your classmates to share an arm?

Teacher  4:52  
Yeah. Abby.

Anna  4:55  
imaginary Abby over there is going to help us out. Okay. Now I will be in imaginary Abby, I want you to try redirecting me. Does anyone have any? and shouting? Okay, I can talk quieter. Do you have any food? Cheetos? Maybe?

Teacher  5:16  
And we're not talking about food right now. Oh, but instead Can you please share a norm a classroom expectation?

Anna  5:22  
Oh, sure. Um, like everyone should raise their hand.

Teacher  5:27  
Yeah, that's a great one. That's a great norm. And can you call on someone else

Anna  5:31  
Beautiful, so even the please stop shouting can sometimes fall into the same categories Be quiet. Where then to a student's brain. It's like, oh, if I take the volume down, I'm allowed to continue my behavior. So I love that when you notice that I didn't meet your expectation. You tried again, with another more specific redirection? That was beautiful. It will help you reach your goal of being more direct and firm without being harsh. Okay, thank you. That was Oh, I'm so glad. Do you have any questions before we try this again?

Teacher  6:09  
I don't think so. I think this was a good like, learning experience.

Anna  6:14  
Yeah. Okay, so let's try round 2. Begin simulation

