Coach  0:00  
How did that go for you?

Teacher  0:02  
I'm very confused. I probably should have asked for a question. So, um, firstly. Okay, so my first question is, I, okay, so we're in a virtual setting. And I'm now understanding that like, we're, I guess I'm supposed to be like dealing with like conflict in the classroom, right? I guess my question is like in a traditional classroom, I can kind of have like, more so like one on one, like, Hey, can I pull you aside? Or hey, can I like, tap you on the shoulder? This is what we're gonna be doing kind of thing, but because it's virtual, but they're kind of like at a table together, right? I'm not really sure. Like, I can't just say like, Hey, can I have you step to the side or right? What's going on? Because there's like, no, personal solution?

Coach  0:54  
Right. Yeah, good question. So one thing that I think is hard, totally hard about the zoom simulation is you can't rely on like the body language or the proximity as much. But I do think that it's important to note that like, you know, if you I don't know how many students are going to be in your class in the future, but like, I've been in classrooms with 30 people before. And sometimes you really do need to be able to command the room from the front of the classroom, right? And just sort of make it happen, no matter the environment. So I think it's a good learning experience, even though like you're saying, I totally understand it's so overwhelming to be like, how do I stop this? So let's talk a little bit about some strategies that you could use, given the environment that we're in now, one thing that I saw you do well, at the beginning was like, when the misbehaviors first started, you used the student's name, to kind of call attention to the idea that something off task was happening, right. So you would say something like Ethan? And that showed me like, okay, he knows what his objective is, he knows that Ethan is not making that happen. The objective is not happening. So I think that's a really good first start. Um, it's really important to do that. As soon as you notice, the misbehavior. I know it can be kind of awkward, because it's like, he's talking and I am waiting for my turn. But when he starts humming, or whatever, I want you to try to acknowledge that misbehavior as quickly as possible and say, Ethan, or Dev, and then give some sort of redirection from there. So what do you think I mean, by a redirection?

Teacher  2:29  
I have no, I mean, maybe like, because of my brain, I was thinking like, um, like, call attention to the task. But then, like, the student will actually stop to listen. But because Ethan is, or Ethan I forget his name, because he's, like, constantly going, like, Am I just supposed to talk over him?

Coach  2:50  
Like, right? If you call his name, the assumption is that he will stop, right? So you need to kind of and this is a hard teacher thing. And I will totally say this took me a long time to get used to, but you've got to kind of take the floor back over from him. So I would say something like Ethan, please stop whistling or Ethan, please stop drumming or Ethan, please stop the side conversations, whatever it is that's going on, you need to quickly and confidently try to collapse that, because like you said, if you kind of say Ethan, Ethan, Ethan, right? I mean, he's doing his thing he may not listen. And it may seem really extreme, but like, students are gonna bring all kinds of different norms into the classroom, in terms of what they think is normal classroom behavior. So you've got to kind of draw that line, quickly, politely, right. It doesn't have to be mean or harsh. But just to kind of say, Ethan, we need to save the whistling for after lunch, or after this class, you know, at lunchtime at recess, or whatever it may be, and just really quickly give that redirection, then hopefully, you can get back into doing what you're doing. Does that kind of help?

Teacher  4:00  
I mean, I guess we can try.

Coach  4:02  
Yeah, you can give it a shot. I know that it I think that developing that kind of like teacher voice is something that can take time, but just give it a go try to kind of call out the misbehavior as quickly as possible and provide that redirection. And what I mean by redirection is just asking the student to stop what they're doing and re engage in the discussion, the thing and that was kind of what you said, like try to get them back on task. That's really your big goal here. And that's going to kind of help you I think, move through and feel like you have some more control over the environment. Okay. Any other questions?

Teacher  4:41  
That's pretty much it. I guess. My only concern is like, the only reason I didn't want to keep going is because I like for me. I know that you're probably like, like in an actual classroom. 

Coach  4:52  
Yeah. 

Teacher  4:54  
I know that like in the past when I have been in classrooms. It's like it's easier like when you're able to just like directly talk to the students because well, in most cases, like if a student if you acknowledge the student, like, even if they are being disruptive, they at least hear you. But in this case, like, I don't want to, like talk over the student, but I guess that's what I'm gonna have to do like, is that what I'm supposed to do? Because I don't want to be rude about it, but he doesn't stop.

Coach  5:22  
Right? Right. He does need to stop. And I think that like, I mean, I'll tell you like, I struggled with this. I have had students that are talking that will talk over me and like, even when I engage them one on one, they're like, but Baba, Baba, Baba Ms. Wilson. And this is when you have to say, like, you know, Bob, like, I need you to stop the side conversations and re engage with our activity. And that just kind of takes that presence, and you can do it without being rude. And I think usually, if you say the student's name, look them in the eye and give them a firm redirection. Usually, it's like, okay, she's right. And I do think it's, it's weird, because like, in polite adult conversation, like, you're kind of like, I'm gonna let you finish. But I think when you've got all a great vast number of students in the room, and you know, you're trying to maintain an objective, it can be important to kind of get your, your piece out there. Okay, and be really, and timeliness is super important, because everyone else is missing out on learning. If you're kind of like, waiting to see what's going on. Cool. Sounds good. 

Teacher  6:37  
All right. 

Coach  6:37  
Cool. Okay. Let's give this a second go. I'm really looking forward to seeing you kind of just focus on acknowledging every misbehavior in a timely way. So quickly, calling out the student misbehavior and saying, you know, Dev, you need to stop the side conversations and just kind of trying to get your piece out there as well as you can. Believe me, I've done this one before. I know it's uncomfortable. Hopefully, it's you know, it's there fake people, so don't worry about it. It's not as stressful as a real classroom.

