Kristyn  0:00  
So what did you think? Give me your thoughts.

Teacher  0:02  
Um, it's fun. I we TFA we did a sample teach because we didn't have students one day and we messaged each other to we assigned roles. So one was one person was the teacher and then the rest were students. And some of the students were like message to be like disruptive sort of, like off topic. And I think it's, it's sort of fun to have a class that's like that, because the students are being their authentic selves and like, being vocal. So 

Kristyn  0:28  
Totally. Good. I'm glad that you felt like calm and not totally rattled by it, your demeanor remained calm throughout, which I think is a big win. One thing that I saw you do really well over the course of this scenario was that you acknowledged every single misbehavior, there was no sense that you were ignoring them, or getting just like getting distracted by them and not showed me that you were remembering the objective, you were trying to keep students on task. So that was great. And that's really important, to not just try to like talk over it or hope that it will stop or something. So good job there. Um, one thing that I want to chat about over the course of our next few minutes together, and I have to set my timer so I don't just start running my mouth is going to be working on the specificity of your redirections. And what I mean by that is, when you are correcting a student behavior, or asking a student to adapt to their behavior, being really precise in the language that you use, why do you think that might be important?

Teacher  1:29  
So it's so it's clear what the task at hand is?

Kristyn  1:32  
Exactly right. You don't want to leave gray area for students to interpret what you are looking for as the teacher. So thinking back to your scenario, there was a time where you said something like, Can we quiet down? and I think Ethan, continue doing what he was doing at a lower volume. However, it was still disruptive. So I mean, I couldn't hear what was going on. Um, so instead of using something like can we please quiet down, I would recommend saying something as precise as possible. Like, Ethan, please stop drumming or Ethan, please stop humming. And that will make sure that there's no room for ambiguity. What are your thoughts on that?

Teacher  2:13  
Yeah, I like that. So be very specific addressing the specific behavior.

Kristyn  2:17  
Yeah, and I think naming the behavior will really help the students understand what is and what is not acceptable in a classroom setting. As we know, students bring all kinds of behavioral norms into a room in terms of what they think is disruptive, what they think is respectful. So part of what you have to do is help them understand that line, and really specific language will help. And and so, you know, I think naming that language and or naming that behavior in the redirection will really help. Um, do you want to give this a practice, you start teaching, and I will interrupt, and I just want you to do your best to redirect me as specifically as possible.

Teacher  3:01  
So hello, Kristn, welcome to class. Today, we're learning about how to address specific behavior. Oh, Kristyn it looks like you're opening and closing your your binder really loud. If you could stop doing that, please. And the reason is just so that everyone else can hear and have a chance to participate in the discussion. Does that makes sense?

Kristyn  3:19  
Perfect. Yes, sir. That was great. So you named the behavior, you helped me understand what I should be doing. You would be amazed by how often kids will do something like that, and they won't necessarily realize they're doing it or realize how disruptive it is. So naming the behavior you were firm and warm, which is the perfect balance. So nice job on that. Any questions before you jump back into round two?

Teacher  3:43  
Um, no. Am I trying to solicit student responses for classroom norms? And then I don't maybe I could be more specific about that as well. Yeah,

Kristyn  3:53  
I think that you are welcome to like directly ask them for their norms. Or if you want to provide one and then you know, kind of do a back and forth or something like that whatever you find most natural for organizational purposes. Um, the simulation is going to restart entirely from the beginning. So you're like reinitiating a fresh conversation. So if you want to try a new angle, you're welcome to okay. Okay, are you ready to go? 

Teacher  4:19  
Yes.

