Anna  0:00  
How are you feeling after round one? 

Teacher  0:02  
That was pretty rough. Ahahah.

Anna  0:05  
 Yeah, I have to say like, I have been through that scenario. And I think, unfortunately, every single one of those behaviors that comes up I have also seen in my own classroom over the last 10 years. So one thing that I want to be working on with you, in coaching is so that when those come up, you don't feel that it was so rough. Because you did a really, really wonderful job of keeping a super calm demeanor throughout. You were not indicating that you were ruffled or flustered, you were responding to every single behavior evenly. And that really helps students not feel like they're being targeted or picked on or anything like that. So one thing that we are going to practice before you have the opportunity to try again, is focusing on the specific redirections. So I would say your most common redirection was asking students to focus. So for example, when you said when Ethan was imitating Darth Vader, and you said hey, Ethan, can we focus? Ethan responded, but I'm focused as Darth Vader. So why can sometimes it be a challenge to use a redirection like, please focus?

Teacher  1:24  
I guess, because it's vague. And like focus looks different for every student. 

Anna  1:28  
Exactly. So redirections like I need you to focus, or not distract others, or listen, might mean something to you and me as adults, but when we're talking to our students. Eell, they can listen on their own. My making noises doesn't stop them from listening to you. So we're going to try delivering redirections that are much more specific. So instead of saying, hey, Ethan, can we focus when Ethan is Darth Vader. What is something that you could say to him that would be more specific? 

Teacher  2:06  
Can we quiet down? 

Anna  2:09  
But then if I'm Ethan, I'll hear that and I'll be like, sure. *whispering* "Luke I'm your father." 

Teacher  2:17  
Okay. 

Anna  2:17  
If I'm a kid, I'm quieting down. I'm meeting your expectation, right.

Teacher  2:23  
Okay. No talking when someone else is talking.

Anna  2:30  
I think that's great. 

Teacher  2:31  
Okay. 

Anna  2:32  
I think you can say. Ethan, don't talk right now. Ethan, don't make a Darth Vader impersonation right now. 

Teacher  2:39  
Okay. 

Anna  2:40  
Ethan, I need you to not make Darth Vader impersonations until lunchtime. Something like that will just let the students know, because you're doing such a good job of keeping an even and calm tone of, we're not doing that now. Let's bounce back and focus on our discussion again. 

Teacher  3:01  
Okay.

Anna  3:01  
So let's do a little practice. I'm going to be a student in your class. I want you to practice delivering a specific redirection for me, okay. 

Teacher  3:11  
Okay.

Anna  3:14  
I think I ripped my nail. Does, does anyone have clippers?

Teacher  3:19  
Hey, Anna. Let's talk about that later. Right now we're talking about classroom norms. 

Anna  3:24  
Oh, okay. Boom. Right there, you let me know, we're gonna do that later. We're focusing on norms. And then I think you can even follow that up really quickly, to bring me back in the conversation of Anna, don't talk about your nails right now. Instead, what's the classroom norm you think? That will then kind of distracts me from thinking about my nails, bring me back into the conversation and have me much more energized and participating in the discussion of norms. Okay, so before we try another round of the simulation, where your goal is to be more specific in your redirections What questions do you have for me before we give this another try?

Teacher  4:15  
I just for me, I think I did struggle with being specific because like, I recognize the chant, but I didn't know what chant it was. So I just called it a chant. And so I know that okay. I need to be specific. Okay, that's good.

Anna  4:26  
Absolutely. And I think this is one of those, like, the more you have opportunities to practice this skill, the more you will feel comfortable with it. I think. Because you have such a calm tone, you don't need to worry about coming across as rude or disrespectful to me. Just be clear with what you want me to do. And then bring me back to the conversation of Anna stop making that noise right now. Can you share with us a classroom norm? And I think you're gonna see me jump in much faster.

Teacher  4:57  
Okay, and then for like tapping and stuff. Like do I just like stop tapping and it's just like just stopp tapping? 

Anna  5:03  
Yeah. 

Teacher  5:04  
Okay, cool. Cool. 

Anna  5:05  
Yeah. Any other questions for you before we try again? 

Teacher  5:11  
No, I think I think I'm good. I hope I'm good. 

Anna  5:14  
I am confident you are going to do great on this round. I'm super excited to see you try to be more specific. You got this.

