Coach  0:01  
So, Teacher, I know from experience that that is such a challenging and frustrating practice. Tell me a little bit about what that experience was like for you.

Teacher  0:13  
I don't think I handled it well, because, like, I was solely focusing on Ethan who was talking. And all of the other students were just like, staring at me and I- but I didn't know how to like, address him to just, you know, be quiet.

Coach  0:29  
Yeah! And that's so tough because you don't want to ignore the behavior and pay attention only to the other students, because ultimately, they won't be able to hear you if you ignore the behavior. So, one thing I loved that you did was how you jumped in really quickly acknowledging which student was misbehaving every single time. You did not let a behavior go without trying to redirect it. And so, what I'm going to work on with you in our coaching time is how you can be more specific in your redirections. Does that sound good?

Teacher  1:03  
Yes, it does.

Coach  1:05  
Okay. So one thing I noticed is that you have a tendency in your redirections to come across like you don't want to be too directive with your students. You're smiling when I say that, like, I'm not the first person to tell you this.

Teacher  1:20  
*Laughing* Yeah, yeah.

Coach  1:24  
So, for example, when Ethan was making his video game noises, what you said was, "Hey, Ethan. Okay, we're going to try our best to be a little quiet right now." Now, what do you notice about that phrase?

Teacher  1:39  
Um, it's not, like, specific or, like, to the point and what I wanted to get across.

Coach  1:47  
Yeah! So what what did you want Ethan to do in that moment?

Teacher  1:53  
Just not talk or make any noises.

Coach  1:57  
So, I want you to feel comfortable with saying that to students. A lot of the times when we are new teachers, we feel like, "I don't want to be that direct, because it'll come across a little harsh, come across a little harsh." So, one way that you can balance that is by doing the please into the thank you, then going straight into, "Now, can you share a classroom norm with us?" So, I'll model for a second. So, instead of saying, "We're going to try our best to be a little quiet," instead say, "Ethan, please stop making noises." Pause for him to do it. "Thank you so much. Instead, can you share a classroom norm with us?" And then, you don't have to worry about there being a negative feeling in the air because you've brought them back into the discussion so quickly, and you have moved on past through specific redirection.

Teacher  2:54  
That makes sense.

Coach  2:55  
So, let's do a little practice, then. I want you to do a misbehavior, and I'm going to practice redirecting you as specifically as possible.

Teacher  3:05  
Okay. I'll just, like, not look at you.

Coach  3:12  
Hey, Teacher? Please have your eyes on me. Perfect, thank you so much. Now, Teacher, what's a classroom norm you would like to share?

Teacher  3:23  
I want us all to listen to each other when we talk.

Coach  3:28  
Perfect. 

Teacher  3:29  
Okay.

Coach  3:30  
So, now I am going to be misbehaving. I want you to try to, as specifically as possible, tell me what behavior needs to stop. Okay?

Teacher  3:41  
Okay. 

Coach  3:48  
*Begins moving and humming*

Teacher  3:51  
Hey, Coach? Please stop swaying back and forth and... And stop sighing and making those noises. Thank you, Coach. Can you please share a classroom norm?

Coach  4:04  
Yes, I can. Okay, Teacher, what you did right there was because I had multiple behaviors going on at once. You did a fabulous job of giving me a specific redirection on one, giving me a specific redirection on the other one, and then rolling right back into the discussion. That way, I as a student don't even have the time to sit and think about, "Oh I'm bummed that I'm not humming" because instead you put me on my toes, and now I'm thinking about participating in the group conversation again. 

Teacher  4:33  
Okay.

Coach  4:35  
So before we have the opportunity to try this again from the beginning, what questions or ideas do you have before we try round two, Teacher?

Teacher  4:47  
So like, in the case that we just saw, when Ethan or another student like, keeps on doing a behavior. I mean, if I say like, "Oh, please, you know, stop doing this. Can you share?" But they keep on doing it. Would I just, like, repeat that same thing?

Coach  5:11  
I think you can try rephrasing it, because sometimes the language that we use can be a little confusing for students.

Teacher  5:19  
Yeah. 

Coach  5:19  
So like, what grade are you going to be working with in the fall, Teacher? 

Teacher  5:22  
First grade.

Coach  5:24  
Oh, first graders especially can... Can have very different interpretations of what you mean to be saying. So, if you try to give a redirection that doesn't seem successful, try it again using different words. I find a lot of the time, especially with our little ones, redirections like, please focus, be quiet, be respectful, or please listen, can all be really confusing, because like, "Oh, I'm listening while I am playing soccer." And so, try a little bit of different wording with the... with our little ones. 

Teacher  6:03  
Yeah. Okay. 

Coach  6:06  
Okay, you ready to try round two?

Teacher  6:09  
Yes, I can try. 

Coach  6:11  
You got this, Teacher. I am feeling good. You are going to be specific in your redirections, you are going to be direct about what behaviors you want to stop, and you are going to keep the conversation moving on to norms. You got this.

Teacher  6:22  
Thanks.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
