Kristyn  0:00  
Tell me your thoughts. What did you think about that?

Teacher  0:02  
Oh my gosh, it was fine. Um, I just felt dumb. But 

Kristyn  0:09  
You are so fine. Tell like what, what threw you off? What do you think worked? What didn't work? 

Teacher  0:14  
I think from the get go, my thought was just like be direct. But also I wanted to be like relatable. So like, I'm not just like the mean teacher like saying Be quiet. I'm like, hey, like, I also like Marvel, but like, Come on, let's, let's, you know, use this time wisely. 

Kristyn  0:31  
Yes. 

Teacher  0:31  
And then I, I found myself getting frustrated. Like by the third or fourth time, I was like, Hey, come on now. Yeah, like, I don't know how I can ask you to stop so many times, right?

Kristyn  0:43  
Especially when you're like also trying to engage it. So classroom management is like the hardest thing ever, and you will get better every day. It's very personality dependent. But hopefully our conversation can kind of give you some ideas of what might work well. One thing that you did really, really well was you acknowledged every misbehavior, like it was very clear to me that you were like noting what was going on and responding to it in some way. As opposed to like teaching over it or just getting louder or acting like that was fine and engaging in it. So that was really, really good. And kudos to you for that. That's super important, because it allows me to focus on your task is creating classroom norms. One thing that I want to talk about over the next couple minutes is the specificity of your redirections. Like you said, you were at times trying to be really, really, really direct. And that is great. Why do you think it might be important to be specific when you provide like a behavior redirection?

Teacher  1:42  
I think it's great to be specific, because, I mean, I want the behavior to end. So I want to be as specific as possible. So that way, kids are really great at like, taking what you say literally. And so if you're not specific, they're gonna do like, like he did, right? When I was like, we'd be quiet, or he was quiet. And I was like, Oh, I need to be very specific with my words.

Kristyn  2:04  
That is a really good example. Um, I'll give you kind of a non example. If you say something like, um, Ethan, can we be respectful? What's the problem with that as a redirection?

Teacher  2:15  
Because it is whatever his interpretation of respectful is. 

Kristyn  2:18  
Yes, that is exactly right. Um, kids are gonna bring a lot of different expectations for classroom behavior into your class. So, um, what you want to do is provide a very explicit, very clear statement of the non behavior, followed by a statement of what you do want him to be doing so Ethan, please stop whistling, can you give me a classroom norm? Just like you said, that kind of leaves no room for ambiguity. It allows him to understand your expectations. Um, like you said, you want like you were saying, like, I want to be relatable. I don't want to be mean, how do you think you can kind of walk that line? What's your thought on that?

Teacher  2:58  
Oh, I don't know. That's the line I'm trying so hard to walk now even with like my student teaching

Kristyn  3:07  
Right, Yeah.

Teacher  3:09  
I think it's just like, knowing what when it's like, become too much of like, casual. It's like, okay to engage. But as long as your engagement, it doesn't last too long and turns into like a redirection.

Kristyn  3:24  
Yes. I think that that's exactly right. A lot of it has to do with just like your demeanor too, like you were very friendly and very calm throughout. And that goes a long way in helping the students understand that, like, you are just trying to stay on task. You're not trying to be mean or be harsh. So that was another thing you did well was like you never showed your frustration you've had is very frustrating. You know, nice work. Um, before we get into the second round, why don't we practice this really quickly? You start teaching and I will do something absurd. And then you redirect me,

Teacher  4:02  
Okay, so let's all come up with a couple of norms for us. 

Kristyn  4:06  
I got a text. I got a text. Sorry, I got a text.

Teacher  4:09  
Hey Kristyn, could you please not have your phone at the table? Actually, let's put it away. And then what is a norm you think we should add to the class? 

Kristyn  4:18  
Okay. Yes, ma'am. All right, that was perfect. Um, it was very calm. It was very specific. You use like, positive affirming language. So I think that that worked really, really well. And that's exactly what you're going to want to do in this second version of the scenario. Very specific redirections. And that should hopefully help you narrow toward towards your goal a little bit more. 

Teacher  4:40  
Yeah. 

Kristyn  4:41  
Okay. Do you have any questions before we get into round two?

Teacher  4:45  
So it's just going to be the exact same. I mean, obviously, it'll start back over.

Kristyn  4:50  
Yeah, there. It may, you know, go off in different directions. But it'll start over from the very beginning. You are re initiating the conversation. You can try something new if you want but we're just going to take it all the way from the beginning. Five minutes and I will stop you after five minutes. Okay? Okay, do you need a second? Are you good?

Teacher  5:06  
It's good. I just want to it's classroom norms, right?

Kristyn  5:13  
Yes. And you can call them like rules like if you what however you want to frame this but norms, rules, whatever works for you.

