Teacher  0:00  
That was a little harder than I was expecting it to be.

Anna  0:04  
I know I have done that simulation before as well, it is a challenging practice. So tell me a little bit about what that was like for you.

Teacher  0:12  
Yeah. Okay. So I guess I've never had the issue of people talking too much when I was teaching, it was always that they don't talk. And what I'm more so concerned about like, try to get them to speak up and things. So never really dealt with that. But um, focusing on only one student maybe have made other students bored or feel the need to like actually have side conversations, because I'm completely focusing my attention on the one student who needed my attention. So saying something towards the whole classroom or trying to get, I guess, Ethan's attention and making sure I did something that would make him stay focused and related to class related things, just like being able to grab his attention, I think would have been very important, but I didn't know how to do that. And while doing that, also making sure that the whole class is engaged, I think it's important, so maybe something I could have done, I guess it's like, have them write down like one to two norms that they think should have been class related. And then when Ethan like, it seems like Ethan isn't, was not ready for class or anything. So finding a way to spend time with him alone, I guess if it wasn't a simulation, like going ahead and like sitting right next to him and asking him questions, and talking to him individually, I think would have been easier to get the whole class to engage.

Anna  1:33  
I think those are great ideas. One other tool we're going to try to build out in your teaching tool belt today is really a lightning quick, specific redirection. So I noticed that you were trying a lot of different really cool ways to kind of bring them back in the conversation you were doing positive narration of "I really appreciate what Savannah is doing being silent facing front right now." And you were trying a lot of different things. One additional skill we're going to try is making a really clear statement of what is the behavior that you need to see stop. 

Teacher  2:11  
Okay. 

Anna  2:11  
So for example, I'm at one point, sorry, I'm looking over at my notes right now. 

Teacher  2:18  
Yeah no problem.

Anna  2:20  
So when Ethan was making his Video Game noises, getting Super Mario, what you said to him was, "Hey, Ethan, can we try to stay quiet and pay attention to class, please." But sometimes those directions can be misinterpreted by students. So what I want you to try in the next round, is instead of giving a direction, like stay quiet and pay attention, instead pick something that would be like a visible or audible change. Like, Ethan, please stop making noises. 

Teacher  2:54  
Okay. 

Anna  2:55  
Because Do you remember what happened when you asked him to be quiet? 

Teacher  2:59  
He didn't. 

Anna  3:01  
And I think what can get tricky with that is that quiet means totally different things to different people. So I want you to be a little bit more precise, if what you're looking for is for him to be silent. That's great. Say, Ethan, please be silent. And then hit the goal that you identified of wanting everyone to be involved in the class. I think you can follow that up really quickly with "Please be silent. Instead, can you share with us a classroom norm?" 

Teacher  3:31  
Okay. 

Anna  3:32  
And then that kind of quick pivot can bring students back into the discussion really quickly.

Teacher  3:38  
Okay. Sounds good.

Anna  3:39  
Okay, so let's do a practice. I want you to be misbehaving and I will practice redirecting your behavior. 

Teacher  3:45  
Okay, sounds good. Um, wait, this is so hard. 

Anna  3:48  
If you want to practice redirecting me We can do that too. 

Teacher  3:55  
No, no, it's okay. I can. I can do bad student right? Blah, blah, blah. 

Anna  4:04  
Please stop singing. Instead, what's a classroom norm you'd like to see in our class?

Teacher  4:11  
Um, being respectful to the person speaking.

Anna  4:15  
That's a great idea. Can you call in another one of your classmates? 

Teacher  4:20  
I like that. 

Anna  4:21  
So that will allow you to reach the goal that you identified of including more people in the conversation. And because you said you wanted to kind of give someone that one on one attention, allowing them to call them the next person can help with that too. 

Teacher  4:35  
Okay. Okay. 

Anna  4:36  
So okay, so now I am going to be misbehaving. I want you to try to redirect me okay?

Teacher  4:41  
Okay. 

Anna  4:43  
I forgot to pack a lunch.

Teacher  4:46  
 Anna? 

Anna  4:47  
Yeah. Do you have food? I really want some snacks right now.

Teacher  4:51  
Can you please be respectful to other students and do not make any noise right now? Oh, no, no voices right now until I call on you or one of your students, okay, for right now can you please go ahead and tell me one norm that we can write on the board?

Anna  5:10  
Okay, beautiful. Now, thinking about what you've said, 

Teacher  5:15  
Yeah?

Anna  5:16  
Be careful with the direction like "Be respectful," 

Teacher  5:19  
Okay. Okay.

Anna  5:21  
Be respectful or pay attention like, especially when we're working with children who might have very different ways of interpreting things, it's entirely possible that I'm being respectful as I'm talking about Cheetos.

Teacher  5:35  
Okay, sounds good.

Anna  5:37  
Okay, so we're going to try this practice again from the beginning is if the first five minutes never happened. Do you have any questions for me before we try again? 

Teacher  5:49  
No

Anna  5:49  
Okay, great. I'm excited.

