Kristyn  0:00  
How did you think that went?

Teacher  0:06  
I think something. So I actually had an interview today with a principal for a Middle School position. And he asked me how I would like conduct like classroom management or like, like behavioral problems. And I realized that like, I really didn't have an answer and like, I ended pretty well and like they offered me a position so like, it's Yeah, thing that I need to learn and work on. Even like doing some school now, like in a space, they just like remove themselves. So I don't really have to like deal with very like distractions.

Kristyn  0:44  
Right. 

Teacher  0:45  
So like, I don't know,

Kristyn  0:47  
Yeah, it this is like one of the hardest things, I think. And I think it's also like very personality driven, like everybody has their own style classroom management, I will tell you one thing that I really loved and that I think you did really well was you always acknowledge the misbehavior, it was very clear that you knew your purpose, you knew what you were supposed to be doing. And you understood when something was detracting from that, that's a very good first step right to kind of be able to say, Oh, I'm not going to get sidetracked by Darth Vader, or whatever may be going on. So really good job on that you always acknowledge the misbehavior, you didn't try to talk over them, you didn't try to just plow through it. One thing that I want to work on today, in our next couple minutes together is going to be the specificity of your redirection. So what that means is using really precise language when you when you try to change the behavior of an interrupting or disruptive student. Um, so if you think back to this simulation, what was something that one of the kids did that was disruptive?

Teacher  1:50  
Like drumming and making noises?

Kristyn  1:53  
So many things. And what was your approach to that?

Teacher  1:58  
To ask them not to do that.

Kristyn  2:00  
Yeah, good. So I'm, what I'm going to recommend that you do is give a very specific redirection, so something like this, Ethan, stop drumming and give me a classroom norm, and you can throw please in there. If you're feeling really generous, Ethan, please stop drumming. Why do you think that might be better than saying like, Can you stop doing that? 

Teacher  2:22  
It will give them an option. 

Kristyn  2:26  
You're exactly right. I think that it can feel polite to ask a question, but sometimes it just opens the door for discussion and back and forth. And so it's really useful to give very clear guidelines, here's what you should be doing. Here's what you should not be doing in really precise language. Why do you think it might be hard for a student if you said something like, Hey, stop doing that? What's the problem there?

Teacher  2:53  
They can choose what they stop doing.

Kristyn  2:57  
Exactly right. I mean, it seems really basic but I think with kids like they don't always have the same standards for classroom behavior that we do as an adult so if you say something like please be respectful or Please don't do that. They may not really understand what part of their behavior is, is you know, incorrect for this scenario. So really specific redirections are going to minimize the ambiguity and let the student know very immediately. yes to this behavior, no to that behavior. Okay, do you want to practice real quick before I throw you back in there again? Okay, um, you start teaching and I will interrupt you. Oh, you just froze for a second. Oh, oh, no, I lost you. Oh, there you are. Sorry. You just froze for a second but you're good.

Teacher  3:48  
Can you hear me now? 

Kristyn  3:49  
Yes, you're good. Sorry.

Teacher  3:51  
I'm pretty sure it's my wifi. I'm sorry. Okay.

Kristyn  3:53  
That's fine. You're good. Alright, you can start the lesson and I'll interrupt you.

Teacher  3:58  
So today we're gonna establish some classroom norms.

Kristyn  4:03  
Oh, I got a text message. Ms. Teacher. I got a text message.

Teacher  4:08  
Can you put your phone or put your phone down please?

Kristyn  4:12  
Oh, okay. Why? Do I have to?

Teacher  4:16  
I need for you to give me a classroom norm that you would like us to follow a rule.

Kristyn  4:23  
Okay, maybe no texting in class. All right. That was really good Teacher. That was, that was perfect. I like how you caught yourself on the question. I know it's really hard because I think we're so trained to be polite until like try to like curb behavior. But yeah, it's, it may seem a little bit awkward at first, but really, really good how you said, stop texting, please stop texting and give me a classroom norm. So that was perfect. All right. Are you ready to give it another go?

