Coach  0:00  
How did you feel about that simulation? 

Teacher  0:03  
Not great.

Coach  0:05  
Tell me more what what just give me your thoughts.

Teacher  0:08  
I don't feel like I was able to get any norms or expectations aside from like, not making noises out. And I guess I don't know, like, I couldn't think of strategies other than like what I was saying to address that, like that needed that behavior needed to stop,

Coach  0:25  
Right. No, really, really hard. And I think that then it can kind of become like a cycle where it's like, okay, we're kind of circulating over this one issue over and over, right.

Teacher  0:33  
And it's also hard because I know like, I guess thinking about that was part of the pre work or whatever. But there are some, like, even the things that you can plan to do won't always work. So that's stinky.

Coach  0:48  
No, it really is. And it you did a really nice job of maintaining your calm. So kudos to you for that hopefully, our discussion will kind of help you figure out some strategy so that you can feel like you have more to lean on next time. One strength that I saw was that you acknowledged every misbehavior, I can't overstate how important that is, it was clear to me that you recognized when the group was off task, and you were committed to the objective enough to like acknowledge those misbehaviors instead of like engaging them or getting sidetracked, or like ignoring them all together, like you were really trying to stay on task. One thing that I want to work on with you in the next couple of minutes is the specificity of your redirection. And what I mean by that is using really, really precise language to correct a student behavior. Why do you think it might be important to use really precise language?

Teacher  1:45  
So that they think that went in during the simulation he was Ethan was, I guess, like, Oh, is this a noise? Or like we're not making? It's like, it's not me, it's or it's not the class. It's just me. And so there's like, one, there's no way around. Like I my expectations are clear, but also just like, so it doesn't confuse students.

Coach  2:08  
Yes, really well said. So there's two things going on there. One, you want to make sure that it's very clear, and there's no ambiguity. And two, you want to make sure that you're not confusing somebody who may be coming into the room with all sorts of different norms that they've experienced either at home or in their previous classrooms. So for instance, when you say something like, be respectful, you know, a student may really not feel like it's disrespectful to drum on the desk while you're talking even though it's inhibiting the entire discussion. So what I want you to do when you retry this simulation is provide really, really specific redirections. So saying something like Ethan, please stop drumming. That leaves absolutely no room for ambiguity. It lets Ethan know what not to do. It's polite, it's susinct. It maintains that level of calm that you were doing a really nice job with, and it hopefully prevents that back and forth, that you were having with Ethan in the first round. Um, do you have any thoughts on that? Does that seem doable?

Teacher  3:11  
Yeah, that seems doable. I think it's just Is there a way to be more specific about like, singing or making noises?

Coach  3:18  
Yeah. So I think just being as specific, you know, if you say something, like, stop making noise like that, maybe you can be a little bit vague, I guess. But just being as precise as you can, like, stop making animal noises, stop singing, you know, just Just do your best with that. I think sometimes, especially in this environment, it's like, what are you doing? Just Just do what you can to try to really be particular. Another thing that you can always do is name what you do want him to do. Ethan, you know, any noise coming out of your mouth should be answering a norms question, or Ethan I need mouth closed eyes on me and kind of give him positive behaviors. But just making sure that those are really specific as well can be really helpful. And framing that, you know, with his name as a polite command, I think is the best way to kind of bring things to a close as quickly as possible. Okay. Any questions on that?

Teacher  4:19  
I don't think so.

Coach  4:20  
Okay, let's practice it really quickly before I let you go into round two since we have a little bit of extra time. You start running a discussion, I'm going to do something ridiculous and you redirect me in a specific way.

Teacher  4:32  
Okay. Let me think, okay. So, I almost said, Howdy I went to A&M? That's, that's our introduction. Alright, so now we're going to be discussing a little bit about what our norms and expectations. Oh Christina I see that you are playing with looks like a temperature checker and a Dunkin Donuts bottle or a Dunkin Donuts cup. So if you could please put those both down and make sure your hands are in your lap so we're not distracting our neighbors, and we're not making any noises that could disrupt the conversation. Thank you. That's perfect.

Coach  5:12  
Okay, that was great. Yeah, just polite and calm, just saying, Let's not do that and being really precise in the way that you ask for that behavior to stop. That's really great. 

