Coach  0:02  
Okay, Teacher, how are you feeling after that? That was, uh, quite the deep sigh you gave me.

Teacher  0:08  
That was, um, quite interesting. Yeah. I think that I recognize that, um -- my goodness already forgot his name -- the student sitting on the right. 

Coach  0:18  
Ethan.

Teacher  0:19  
Ethan. Yes, I think Ethan has some form of ADHD, I believe, so I know it's not his fault for being disruptive.

Coach  0:27  
And I think as educators that even if we don't have the ability to diagnose what is happening, we are able to say, here's what we are observing. Now we do observe that Ethan is not entering into this with malice. And when you -- when you did ask Ethan, I'm sorry, I keep looking over at my notes -- at one point where you said, Ethan, I need you to make no noises. Okay. And that direction was so specific and so clear that there was no room for confusion. And Ethan said, oh, okay. What I want to work on you with is not acknowledging the behaviors because you did a perfect job of every single behavior you super quickly jumped in on, which was gorgeous. What I want to focus on with you is how can we in as few words as possible, deliver more specific redirections like that one of I need you to not make more noises. Because that will allow you to focus your energy much more quickly on the conversation and not have the opportunity where your students see you kind of wiggle room in the redirection you provide? 

Teacher  1:41  
Yes. 

Coach  1:42  
So was there one particular behavior that really stood out to you as particularly frustrating in the moment?

Teacher  1:49  
I think that Dev -- his name is Dev, correct? Or am I again, going crazy, okay. I think Dev's behavior, um, when he was trying to like talk to his friend, while I was going back to give me instruction, I find that to be particularly disrespectful, I guess at least it felt that way. Because it seems like he doesn't have an attention span problem, but more so he was just interested in another thing. And I think that maybe something I could have said is maybe you know, Dev, can you please be quiet or something like that? Maybe?

Coach  2:23  
So it's really interesting, the way that you phrased that, because what you said to Dev was the following things: can we please have this conversation after class? And would it be okay for us to have this conversation after class? What I noticed about all three of those is that they're all framed as questions. Why one thing that I want you to practice is, instead of phrasing all of your redirections as questions, try to phrase them as a statement. So instead, you could say, Dev, please do not talk about that until after class. Or, Savannah, I need you to please stop talking about x until lunchtime. Or even -- even shorter; Ava, please stop making that noise. And by having a direct statement, that leaves with less open to interpretation where, especially with your ninth graders, if you ask them a question like can we please save this conversation until after class? They'll say, well, we could, but we can also have the conversation now.

Teacher  3:30  
Oh, ninth graders.

Coach  3:33  
So let me give you another example. And I want you to practice rephrasing a question that you asked into a statement. So one thing you said when Ethan was whistling was do you want to maybe wait until after class to make some sounds? How could you turn that into an affirmative statement instead of a question?

Teacher  3:56  
Ethan, I need you to wait after class to make some sounds.

Coach  4:01  
Sure. That would be great. Ethan, please stop making noises. 

Teacher  4:08  
Okay. 

Coach  4:11  
And then that way, it's less of a negotiation between you and the student and more of a hey, I'm really excited about our classroom discussion. Please stop that behavior. And now I'm going to ask you about a classroom norm. So then I as a student and not even feeling singled out or put on the spot. Instead, I feel like okay, I'm not going to do that. Instead, I'll join your conversation. So let's do a practice where I am going to be a student. I want you to practice giving me a specific statement based redirection, okay? 

Teacher  4:45  
Okay. 

Coach  4:47  
Got a hangnail. I think I can bite it off?

Unknown Speaker  4:51  
Anna? Anna, I need you to be quiet. Um, can you please give us one classroom norm that you'd like to have in class?

Coach  5:00  
Like we can raise our hands?

Teacher  5:02  
Yeah, that's a great idea. I'd love that. Let's write that down. How would you write that down too?

Coach  5:09  
Okay, so Teacher, what did you notice about the way you phrased that or your experience practicing with that?

Teacher  5:17  
You immediately moved into my action rather than having a conversation with me about something that was off topic. 

Coach  5:23  
Yeah, and a lot of the times when we respond to students' kind of off-task behaviors with questions, it is perceived as an invitation to then discuss the behavior as opposed to a please stop this behavior. Let's move on to the topic again. 

Teacher  5:39  
I see. Okay. 

Coach  5:41  
So we're gonna have another oppor --

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
