COACH  0:00  
How'd you feel about that simulation? 

TEACHER  0:02  
It was crazy! I did not expect that. Um, I probably need to be a little more assertive. probably start there. But yeah.

COACH  0:13  
I love how you identified that because I think what you did perfectly was that you kept your calm demeanor. And as soon as the simulation ended, you know, you showed that you were not calm inside. And it reminded me like, when you think of a duck on the surface of a water, it's calm on top, but it's paddling like mad underneath. That was that moment. So I want to work with you on ways to be more assertive, because you have identified that as your goal. I think that is a beautiful goal. And I think one way we can do that is by shifting some of your wording so that it's a little bit more specific about exactly what you're looking for. So was there one behavior in particular that really stood out to you, TEACHER? It's okayif not.

TEACHER  1:02  
 one behavior from one of the students?

COACH  1:05  
 Yeah, was there anything that really--

TEACHER  1:07  
Yeah, so uh--

I wish-- I'm sorry, cut out a little? 

COACH  1:15  
Oh, I'm sorry about that. Was there any one behavior in particular that you felt was particularly challenging?

TEACHER  1:24  
Um, I would say... I don't know. I don't, I don't really know.

COACH  1:33  
 Totally fine. I will just pick one. Um, so let's say... when Ethan was doing his Darth Vader impersonation, what you said to him in that moment was, "Ethan, can I have you quiet down, please?" Now, if we're thinking of how to make that more assertive, I think there are two ways we can go about that, TEACHER. One way is by framing it as a statement instead of a question. And the second is, by being more precise than "quiet down." Because phrases like "quiet down" Or "can I have your focus" "Can I have your attention" can be super, super, super subjective. So students may think that they're quieter while they're continuing the same conversation that they're having on the side. Or they may say that they're focused on you while they're texting on their phone or playing video games. So one way we can rephrase that is to instead say something like, "Ava, please stop talking." That's a more succinct way of giving the same direction in a more authoritative way to be using your phrasing. Another example would be when Ethan was doing impersonations. You said "Ethan, can I have you focused on me?" Now, what's the way TEACHER that you think you could rephrase that redirection? Instead of "Can I have you focused on me?" [pause] I think you are muted right now I can see your lips moving. But--

TEACHER  3:25  
[LAUGHING] yeah, I was. Um, I probably say maybe... having him be... maybe having him... asking him to be... quiet, and then ask him to direct his attention to me? I don't know if that's reiterating the same thing in different words.

COACH  3:50  
So I love the identifying that you want two different components of the redirection. And I think that we can do that really effectively. To me, when I feel like a student is off task, one of the things that helps me most is by saying, "Please stop blank" and just identifying what is the behavior I want them to stop, and that component, then the second is to bring that student back into the discussion with me. So I could say something like, "Eva, please stop talking about cheerleading practice. Instead, what's the norm you'd like to see in class?" That combination of the two elements will get what you're going for being more authoritative, but also bringing them back into the conversation. So let's do a little practice TEACHER, where I am going to be a student. I want you to practice giving me a specific redirection and then trying to bring me back into the norms conversation, okay? 

TEACHER  4:50  
Okay. 

COACH  4:50  
[PRETENDING TO BE A STUDENT] I chipped my nail. I think I need to go get my Polish from my Locker--

TEACHER  4:58  
Ava?

COACH  5:00  
Yeah, do you have nail polish with you? Because I chipped my nail.

TEACHER  5:03  
Ava, instead of having you talking about your chipped nail, Can I have you be silent and... errr, messed up. I still said focus on the first part!

COACH  5:17  
This is why we practice. Let's give it another round. Okay? 

[IMITATING A STUDENT] You have any Polish or like a file? Or does anyone have clippers? I don't want to bite it.

TEACHER  5:26  
Ava?

Ava, can I please have you stop talking about your chipped nail? instead, would you like to give a suggestion on the classroom norm that we should have? 

COACH  5:37  
Oh, um, yeah, like, we should all do our homework. 

TEACHER  5:47  
Are we still going? [LAUGHS] ok.

COACH  5:51  
 So before we go into the simulation, another try, Is there anything else you want to practice or any questions you have for me, TEACHER, before we do another turn of practice?

TEACHER  6:04  
Um, is there a way to pass or fail? this is...?

COACH  6:08  
Not for a grade.

TEACHER  6:09  
 Okay. I don't know--

COACH  6:12  
Not an SMU employee--

TEACHER  6:15  
Okay.

COACH  6:15  
I don't-- no. This is not for a grade at all. This is not a [ZOOM CUTS OUT]

 TFA doesn't see this. I'm not a TFA employee.

TEACHER  6:26  
okay.

COACH  6:27  
No.

TEACHER  6:28  
 Okay. So I just need to be more specific with my directions, and hopefully have a better outcome.

COACH  6:36  
Yes. And also don't stress about this. This is 100%, like, low stakes practice. So if you catch yourself saying a sentence and you're like, "Oh, no, that's not how I want to phrase it." Restart the sentence. It's okay. To practice. 

TEACHER  6:54  
okay.

COACH  6:54  
You got this TEACHER. I'm feeling good. Okay, you're ready for me to begin simulation?

TEACHER  7:01  
mm-hmm.

COACH  7:01  
 Okay, begin simulation.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
