Anna  0:00  
simulation. Okay. Thanks so much Teacher. So how do you feel like that went?

Teacher  0:08  
That was really fun.

Anna  0:11  
Oh, I'm so glad. So I loved the way as soon as in this behavior started, you immediately engaged with it, you are not letting things go on attended to you. We're really timely with your responses to students. I also loved the way that you were trying to be as specific as possible with, hey, let's stop this specific behavior. What I want to work with you on in our coaching is being a little bit more succinct with your redirections. That way, if we can decrease the amount of time spent focusing on the actual redirection, we can increase the amount of time that you're spending on the norms based discussion. Sounds good? Yeah. Okay, so let me pull up a specific example with our one behavior that like really stood out to you that you remembered.

Teacher  1:05  
Um, I guess the big one, of course, was just that Ethan definitely had a little bit of a hard time like keeping his voice off and was you know, he really wanted to like he had a lot of energy really great that was in the classroom, but definitely wanted to find ways to like redirect that. That's like one of the reasons I asked him to suggest a classroom norm to see if we can maybe redirect that energy.

Anna  1:26  
Absolutely. So thinking like Ethan's first behavior, where Ethan was making all of his Mario noises, what you said to him was, hey, Ethan, we're going to go ahead and get started. Keep your music inside your head, keep your ways of just kind of inside for right now. Play it like a record in your head, not vocalizing it. So we can still have a discussion. If we were to take that and make it more succinct, what's the way that you think we can shorten that and make it a little bit sweeter?

Teacher  1:59  
While still like keeping, I guess, like the same energy of it, I mean, keeping the you know, hey, we're in a class discussion. We're getting started. We're in class discussion. We need to make sure that we're keeping our voices off when we're in class discussion and listening to fellow students. And then to me the teacher.

Anna  2:17  
Yeah, I think you can even shorten that a little bit more so that then you can jump immediately back as informed discussion of Hey, Ethan, can you keep You're not? Can't you Sorry, Ethan, keep your voice off, please. So that we can focus on discussing norms, do you have one you can share for us, then that really quick bounce of I'm going to tell you what I need you to do, and then immediately bouncing into the norms can channel his energy in a productive way, so that he's helping out with the discussion again. But I think as much as we can keep it short and sweet to the point, one time we did that particularly well, was where you said, Hey, Ethan, I'm sorry, you can't be talking right now during discussion. That was great. Because you were acknowledging his humanity, we're being respectful of him as a person. But you were then giving him a super specific direction of you can't be talking right now. And I had her hand raised. Let's go back to Ava, and then immediately back into classroom norms. So let's do a quick practice where I'm going to be misbehaving. I want you to try to redirect me in as few words as possible, okay. Okay. Okay. I think I checked my mail, Mr. e. Do you have any clippers?

Teacher  3:44  
I don't have any clippers. But let's keep our focus up here. Let's keep our focus on the discussion for right now.

Anna  3:51  
Okay, beautiful that you cut me off so that I can come back to focus? What's something you can do that's more specific focus.

Teacher  4:00  
Bring our attention, is that better or

Anna  4:04  
so that's where it gets tricky when we're working with middle schoolers, because I guarantee you're going to have some middle schoolers who say I'm paying attention to you Well, I talked about my nails. I can do both Mr. e. So try and try another idea what might be more specific of the behavior that you need me to stop or starts.

Teacher  4:27  
We need to keep our voices off and our eyes up front.

Anna  4:31  
gorge courtships, because that is less open to interpretation for my middle school brain, then focus or be respectful. Because a lot of the time our middle school babies might believe that they are focused on two things at once or that they are being respectful or paying attention, but a super specific, hey Anna, I need you to stop talking. That will help me jump in much faster with a discussion so that I Don't get off track get distracted. So before we give this practice another try where you are aiming to give a specific direction in as few words as possible. What questions you have for me here before we try again?

Teacher  5:16  
Um, whenever your Did you did you teach middle school? I'm sorry, I'm kind of scatterbrained tonight. I don't know if you mentioned that.

Anna  5:24  
I didn't have any eighth grade experience directly, but six and seven.

Teacher  5:28  
Okay. When you taught Middle School, like how often were you having to like redirect attention or do a quick little like, callback or call outs to make sure that we like had everyone together in a project or something like that?

Anna  5:44  
frequently? Okay. Maybe not as frequently as this scenario. However, with middle schoolers, I would say, individual redirections are needed at least once every five minutes. Okay. There's a general learning theory that you can pay attention for as many direct minutes as yours you are old. So if you're primarily working with 13 year olds, each student will be able to pay attention for about 13 minutes before they individually get distracted. Okay, cool. And it might be a different 13 minutes for everyone. The decision of our directions can really help minimize any room for confusion or distractions. Okay, okay. You want to give this another try? Sure. Okay, great. Begin simulation

