coach  0:00  
How'd you fee about that simulation? Talk me through. 

Teacher  0:02  
I felt like it was weird going through it on day one, because like, these are expectations that like, I would have tried to outline some basic ground rules, in my syllabus. Alright, and talk through those. And then I actually, like coconstructing classroom expectations and success. 

coach  0:24  
Yeah. 

Teacher  0:25  
And it's hard to do that when I haven't even gotten the first ground rule set. 

coach  0:30  
Right? And you have nothing to rely on. 

Teacher  0:32  
Yeah, cuz like, normally I would go -- like, I have like a chain of command of like, a bit outline in my syllabus of like, hey, the first two times are warnings. And then like, I will raise it to like, well, this needs to be a conversation that me and you need to have outside. 

coach  0:50  
Yeah. 

Teacher  0:51  
And then from there, maybe involving the student and the parent in a conference and then working up to the end result being a referral if it --

coach  1:02  
Right. So one thing to kind of think about just that just for like, in this environment, and I do think that like, you can end up in environments where you need to redirect students who are not actually your students, right, like in the lunchroom, whatever. So it can be kind of like a useful thing to feel comfortable doing right? Um, you know, before you can enact any consequences, I think that it's really important to try to have like a set of behaviors that are acceptable and not acceptable. So sometimes you're doing that work like five on the spot. One thing that I thought you did super well was you acknowledged every misbehavior, and focused really hard on maintaining the focus on your task, right. So you didn't get sucked into the conversation of Disney Plus, you didn't talk over them, you didn't ignore it, you acknowledged and made an attempt at redirection in order to accomplish your objective, that's so important. Um, something that I think you can work on in round two is improving the specificity of your redirection. And what I mean by that is using really precise language to detail what a student should not be doing and what you would like them to do instead, why do you think that might be important in a situation like this to use specific language?

Teacher  2:17  
It doesn't give them wiggle room, because I can say you're being -- I need you to calm down, but in their mind, they're already calm, so it doesn't matter.

coach  2:25  
Yes, great evidence, from your most recent scenario, you would say something like, "You're being disrespectful." And he's like, "I don't think I'm being disrespectful. My dad, I don't think would think I'm being disrespectful." And that may seem a little bit absurd in context. But it is true that students bring a wide variety of norms into the classroom based on their past classroom experiences, whether or not it's before after lunch, we all these different factors that affect what they think is appropriate on any given day. So setting really clear guidelines, and being really explicit, when you redirect a behavior will help eliminate that back and forth that you identified of like, oh, is this or is this not respectful? Um, so for instance, instead of saying something like you're being disrespectful, saying, Ethan, please stop drumming, or Ethan, please stop humming, will just leave no room for ambiguity. And I think especially on like, day one, or if it's a one day, kind of outlandish behavior, like before you escalate anything, giving that a try and seeing if you can stop it there that can really help. questions or thoughts on that? 

Teacher  3:38  
No, it was good! 

And you can do that while being calm, just like you were, and you did a nice job of maintaining affect; you didn't get upset or rattled. So being polite, but firm, I think is a great rule of thumb. Um, let's practice this really quickly. Before I send you back in for round two. You start a norms discussion, and I'm going to do something ridiculous. And you specifically redirect me.

All right. All right, Kristyn. Today, we're going to be talking about -- Kristyn, could you please stop drumming on your water bottle and so we can get back to the conversation? Awesome. Thank you so much.

coach  4:14  
One note, try not to ask it as a question. Just to be really clear. 

Teacher  4:18  
Yeah, I --

coach  4:19  
It's such a habit I do that even in my personal life where I'm like, oh, maybe you could not do that. Yeah. But other than that perfect. You named the non behavior. You were polite, but firm, and you brought me back to that activity. I think that that's really great. 

Teacher  4:36  
Awesome. 

coach  4:37  
Cool. Let's give it another go. Same objective, I know you're like please don't send me back in there. Same objective, same time constraints, and I'm looking forward to seeing you be really specific in your language as you provide those good redirections

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
