Teacher  0:01  
I wasn't sure like how because like, if you can't like remove a student like a virtual thing, I don't know what to do.

Anna  0:10  
And to be honest with you, Teacher, I have taught in schools where in person, the school policie is that you can't remove the student. 

Teacher  0:17  
Okay.

Anna  0:18  
And that can be super, super challenging and frustrating when you feel like I have lost the students, I don't know what to do. And so that can be a really overwhelming feeling. But one thing I just want to give you advice from my personal experience is it sometimes if students know that you are going to be calling an administrator, to them that almost undermines your relationship with the student, because it is you showing like, well, my best solution is for you to not be in my class, therefore, please leave. As opposed to it sends a different emotional tone when you are giving a direction for students of "here's what you are going to do to stay in my class and be successful in my class." And I am saying this, like, yes, as a teacher, as a former administrator, as much as possible for you to not turn to the principal, unless it's kind of like an emergency situation that will help you have more credibility in your class, and help you maintain more authority in your room as well. 

Teacher  1:30  
Okay.

Anna  1:31  
So what you did super well, in this scenario, was as soon as Ethan started talking about video games, you were acknowledging it, you were jumping in. You even tried something creative with him, you're like, Alright, Ethan, I'll tell you something very important if you stop, okay, like trying to get him to stop talking about video games so that he could hear that some important thing. What I want you to work on when we do another round of practice, is being direct with students of what you want them to do. So it's worth knowing that with Ethan, you told him, I want you to stop. But at no point did you tell them what you wanted him to stop doing. 

Teacher  2:15  
I just, I wasn't sure like if the students like can't hear what I'm saying, because I feel like normally in my classroom, I would have probably like a desk like out in the hall where I would like send a kid and not send them to like the principal really. But like, if I like if like the students can't leave and like the simulation, I wasn't really sure what to do, since they couldn't hear me anyway. And then like, I couldn't even like write on the board like students that like because I feel like if I wrote on here, like it would be hard to.

Anna  2:47  
Yeah, you're totally right. And teaching over zoom is super different than teaching in person. What I want to work with you on is a strategy that can even potentially help you not need to send someone to a desk in the hall or write a name down. So what we're going to work on is rephrasing your directions to be much more clear of, here's the behavior that needs to stop. So for example, what you said when Ethan was doing his Darth Vader impersonation was, this is not what we do in my class. And then Ethan responded, I don't understand what is wrong. So how can you be more specific of what do you need Ethan to not do in your class? 

Teacher  3:30  
So like, stop speaking when I'm speaking and stop tapping on the table. Perfect. What do I do with though if he doesn't stop 

Anna  3:36  
If he doesn't stop, that's when you would move on with your continuum of like, I am going to give you a specific redirection of here's what needs to stop. Then I am going to follow through with my next step of consequence, which is going to be potentially like writing your name down or telling you to go get a drink of water or extract or something. But what you need to make sure you do is before we move on to any consequence, I need to be super clear with you if here's what needs to stop because sometimes our students are just genuinely confused about what we're looking for from them. So let's do a little bit of a roleplay, you do something super disruptive and I will model for you how you can be specific with cutting it off.

Teacher  4:28  
Um (starts clapping)

Anna  4:32  
 ____ please stop clapping.

Teacher  4:35  
Why?

Anna  4:38  
Because right now we're talking about classroom norms. What's the classroom norm you can share for us?

Teacher  4:42  
mhmmmm, raise my hand?

Anna  4:47  
Great. I love that norm. So what I did right there was I told you exactly in really clear terms, please stop doing this. And then I pulled you back into the discussion about norms, and that'll really be a different emotional vibe when you're working with students, as opposed to, I need you to stop. And if you don't stop, I'm going to send you in the hall. You're much more clear. And that's my timer. When you're much more clear about, here's the behavior that I need you to stop. Can you share a norm? It will help me bounce back into conversation faster. And that's not to say that misbehaviors won't happen, because what grade are you preparing to teach ?

Teacher  5:29  
Seventh, 

Anna  5:31  
Oh, seventh grade, you are going to have behaviors. I taught six through 12. And I'm not gonna lie to you, I had more off task behaviors in seventh grade than any other grade. But it was largely because my students didn't even realize they were being disruptive. And that I just needed to be way more explicit with them of please stop doing x. And when I was more explicit with that, it would help. 

Teacher  6:00  
Okay

Anna  6:02  
So we're gonna give the scenario another try straight from the beginning, is if the last five minutes never happened at all. I want you to be focused on delivering really specific directions of please stop acts. Okay?

Teacher  6:17  
Okay. 

Anna  6:18  
Okay. Do you have any thing you want to do before we get another try? Do you want another sip of coffee? 

Teacher  6:25  
Yeah, probably. The virtual kids are kind of scary. 

Anna  6:39  
It is super different experiences. Like this last year, where we had to get to know students over zoom instead of getting to know them in person. We have all had to learn to teach in wacky wacky ways. 

Teacher  6:55  
Interesting. 

Anna  6:58  
Okay, are you about ready to try again?

