Anna  0:01  
How did you feel that that went, 

Teacher  0:03  
I felt it went good. And then also I, I kind of like blanked on like ideas on what to do except for like, just to keep asking like, what to like, reinforce the norms. Like, I don't know what Plan B is, or like, step two is, other than just being like, Hey, bud, remember, remember? Um, yeah, so like good in some sense. And then like, obviously, always need to improve, we can always do that. 

Anna  0:31  
Preach Teacher, that is music to my ears. So I agree with you, I think you did a fabulous job of acknowledging every single behavior, you did not let any behavior go without you trying to engage and get it back on track. What we are going to practice is being more specific in exactly what you are telling them to do. I noticed that you have a habit of framing things as a question, or it seems like your go to phrase is our ears are on in our mouths are closed. But sometimes, that doesn't work with some students. So we're going to try giving a more specific redirection when someone is misbehaving. So for example, when Ethan was making his bop, bop, bop, bop bop Baba Mario video game noises I'm just going to read back to you what you said. I'm sorry, my eyes are gonna be looking at the other computers where you could promise I'm not trying to be disrespectful. You said, Alright, Ethan, if you can put your listening on listening ears on for us as we talk as a whole group. All right, if you can finish that noise that you make, if you can also maybe use your listening voice so when we're listening, our ears are on and our mouth sir closed. I think we can shorten all of this and maximize your instructional time by saying, Ethan please stop making video game noises. Pause for Ethan to stop. Now Ethan, can you share a classroom norm with us? And that will allow you a little bit more opportunity to say here's the exact behavior that needs to stop. And now let's come back in with a group discussion really quickly. So I is assumed to not then sitting there feeling singled out or anything? 

Teacher  2:23  
Yeah.

Anna  2:24  
So let's do a little bit of a practice. I will be a misbehaving student. And I want you to try to give me a direction that is different than listening ears are on mouths are closed and is more specific to exactly what I'm doing. Okay? 

Teacher  2:43  
Okay. 

Anna  2:47  
Ms. Teacher I think I have a hangnail Cici, do you have clippers? No, my friend, Billy has clippers? Do you have clippers? 

Teacher  2:55  
Anna my friend? Can we pay attention to the lesson and stop talking to our side neighbors so that we can go back to whole group discussion on classroom norms? 

Anna  3:06  
Great. Now, Teacher, if you were to try to shorten that even more, how do you think you could shorten that? 

Teacher  3:15  
Um, I could say and Anna, my friend, can we pay attention to the group discussion on classroom norms today?

Anna  3:26  
 That's so interesting. I would actually recommend the other aspect of what you said. Because one area that can get a little bit challenging what grade level are you going to be teaching. 

Teacher  3:36  
At least seventh grade math. 

Anna  3:38  
Teacher, I was a seventh grade teacher seventh grade is hard. You are going to ask your students or tell your students to pay attention. And to me in that moment, I might be paying attention as I have a full conversation about my nails. So instead of saying something like pay attention, what you can try is Anna please stop talking about your nails. Now can you share with us a classroom norm? Because saying please stop talking about your nails. I cannot misinterpret but as a seventh grader, I promise you I am going to misinterpret. Pay attention. Be respectful. I am not going to have an understanding of what those look like yet. 

Teacher  4:24  
Understood.

Anna  4:26  
 You're going to hope that they do Teacher, but use the most explicitness possible. Okay, so do you want to try one more time? 

Teacher  4:36  
Yeah. 

Anna  4:40  
Can you hear me cough?

Teacher  4:41  
Anna

Anna  4:41  
Does it sound real or does it sound fake?

Teacher  4:46  
Anna we please stop coughing and pay attention to the lesson..or Anna can we please stop coughing and can you provide us a classroom norm? 

Anna  4:55  
Great, so much better. Anna, please stop talking. Can you share with us a classroom...please stop coughing Can you share with us a classroom norm instead of coughing? Okay, Teacjer before we have another try at this any questions you have for me before we go for round two? 

Teacher  5:15  
I don't think so. 

Anna  5:17  
Okay great. I am super excited to see you going in and trying to be more specific about what behavior needs to stop and then bringing people back into classroom norms.

