Coach 0:01  
Okay, end simulation, you made it. Thank you for completing that. It's a long, five minutes sometimes. Okay, um, tell me how you feel about it. How did you feel that went? What were your thoughts?

Teacher 0:15
Um, okay, so it's very weird to like do because it's like, I don't know, but I guess like, it made me really, really think about like, when I work as a camp counselor, that's exactly how kids are. Like, it's just very spot on. Um, I was smiling, like, because it's like funny because it's like, yeah, we're going to get it together. I guess it made me really think about, I could have probably use an attention getter right in that moment and I didn't think to do so because I do know a couple of ones that can really get a class like backfocus. But I didn't think about it. It made me also think about, like, by not, it's important to set these norms because of how long it took me to just get Ethan on track. But even though it's just Ethan and Dev too. But at first with Ethan, by trying to just talk to him the whole time, i'm losing more students. But it's like, do you stop and focus on him because you're going to lose the rest of them; or do you let him continue in hopes to keep three but he might be distracting another person. So it just makes you handle like, distraction? 

Coach 1:27
Yeah, I mean, classroom management is the hardest thing and it's so personality driven and like you said, you kind of have to like develop these like go twos. But hopefully our conversation will kind of help you think about like, okay, how do I manage this quickly and not lose three? And like you said, um, one thing that I saw that you did super well was you addressed every single misbehavior pretty quickly by name. So you know, you said Dev, you didn't ignore any of the misbehaviors, you didn't try to teach over them, you didn't just try to like talk louder, and pretend it wasn't happening. So that helped me know that you were committed to your task, you knew your objective, and you weren't wanting to waste time on the black widow, or whatever it may be. So really nice job on that. One thing that I want to work on in the next couple of minutes is improving the specificity of your redirection. So what I mean by that is using very direct and precise language when you're correcting a student behavior, why do you think that might be important?

Teacher  2:28  
Because well, just think about with Ethan, like when I said, Oh, like, let's put a plug in and he was like, what do you mean? So I was just being very specific, because even though like, they may not be trying to do it, it literally on purpose, but kids are going to do exactly what you tell them. Yeah. So if you say like, stop singing, he may stop singing, but he may start humming, or like, they may do other noises. So to be very clear, so that way, like they know, okay, she wants me to be quiet with everything, not part of me. Because, like, I don't know, like, that's what I was noticing, too.

Coach 3:06
Right, right. I mean, and sometimes even saying be quiet isn't specific enough, because then they'll just lower their voice. So I like what you're saying where it's like, okay, these things that we say, can have all of this space. I remember one example from your scenario just now where you said, Ethan, can you hear me as a way to try to get him to cool it. And he was like, Yeah, I can hear you. Um, so in this next round, what I want you to try to do is give Ethan a really specific note on what he should or should not be doing. So instead of saying, Ethan, can you hear me? Say, Ethan, please stop humming, and then try to move back to what you were doing as quickly as possible without that back and forth of like, yeah, I can hear you and everything that unravels from there. Um, do you have any questions or just reactions to that?

Teacher 3:54
Um, no, I think I probably went over all of them. Like I said, it's just like a weird thing.  Like, I like it's like a good weird, like, it made me kind of realize, like, Oh, crap, like, you really got to think about these things. Like what the class like, cause I'm not gonna have a class of five, you know, I might have a class of twenty. It makes me think of like, ways I can get my students back focused on tasks. That's really it like cause it doesn't make it like, I don't take it as personal or being like, distracted because they're kids at the end of the day, because I'm an adult and I still get distracted. So yeah.

Coach  4:31 
No, and you did such a nice job of like maintaining your calm, maintaining your good attitude. I think sometimes teachers are like, Oh, I don't want to come off as mean, but like you were so positive that I think you can give a specific firm set of instructions and nobody's gonna think that you're coming off as like, overly harsh or anything. So I think you're in a good place for that based on your demeanor in the first scenario, and the best thing for you to kind of try to implement in this next one is just being; not leaving any gray area being really precise in your language and helping the kids know exactly what they should be doing in a given moment. So I'm excited to see you give that a try. Do you? Are you ready for round two? 

Teacher 5:14
Yeah.

Coach 5:00  
So the conversation is going to restart from the beginning, same objective, same length. You can start as soon as the students appear and I will stop you after five minutes.

Teacher 5:27
So do I start from like, Hi, my name is?

Coach 5:29
Yeah, you can just start all the way over like it's a brand fresh attempt. So Alright, let's begin simulation