Anna  0:00  
So how are you feeling after that simulation?

Teacher  0:05  
I'm a little overwhelmed. In the beginning, it was a little comedic. But then I was like, this is how the classroom, this is how the students are. Just a little overwhelming.

Anna  0:19  
Yeah, and I mean, hopefully you won't have that many things happening all at once. But I will say, each of those individual behaviors, you will definitely see at some point. So our goal today is to give you the opportunity to practice so then you don't feel overwhelmed. When heaven forbid, you have to deal with a situation like this again, I think one thing that you did really well was that you did not indicate that you were overwhelmed at all. Okay, you maintained an even tone, you were calm. But you were also clear with your personal boundaries of "No, Ethan I don't actually think that's very funny right now." You did not sacrifice your own personal standards, but you were not too harsh, you were rude. You were handling that very nicely, even though you felt overwhelmed at this time.

Teacher  1:18  
Thank you, I will...

Anna  1:21  
No, what we're you gonna say?

Teacher  1:22  
Oh, I was just gonna say that... You mentioned that like me using language about how like how I felt in my boundaries was an asset in that situation. And that's interesting, because when I was speaking and thinking through, like what I should say, to Ethan, I was thinking back to like, using like teacher centered language and talking about how I feel, and if that's an appropriate way to address how a student is like acting out, and if that would have been effective. So...

Anna  1:46  
That's one of those things that is different for each students. I think, actually, in simulation, it can be a little bit challenging if you haven't necessarily had the opportunity to build relationships with students. But as you are looking at the later part of your first year of teaching, and you do have those relationships, then I think the conversations of: here's how it affects me when you do "X" can be very powerful once you have established those relationships. For the purposes of this practice, thinking about it is day one of class where you don't so much have those relationships to leverage. What I want to practice with you is being more specific in your redirections. 

Teacher  2:32  
Okay

Anna  2:32  
You are acknowledging every single behavior, you're not ignoring anything. I want to be working with you on is then, once you have acknowledged it, how can we really clearly indicate to the students, this behavior is not acceptable? Let's go back to focusing on norms. 

Teacher  2:53  
Okay

Anna  2:53  
So for example, I think... sorry, I'm looking at my notes right now, so that I can make sure I'm giving you like, the most specific examples. At one point, for example, you said, Ethan, would you be able to stop whistling for just a moment? Now, if I'm a student, how might I miss interpret that direction?

Teacher  3:20  
As like a suggestion, because then you don't have to do?

Anna  3:24  
Absolutely. And so at a couple of different points, it seemed like your default was to go to questioning, rather, directions. And so I want you to practice when we do round two, is being a little bit more specific. Saying, Ethan, I need you to stop talking. Instead, can you suggest a norm for us? That way, I as a student could be a little bit less confused, or less likely to take something awry. 

Teacher  3:58  
Okay. 

Anna  3:59  
So if you want to practice something, why don't you do a behavior you can be a misbehaving student, and I will show you what that would look like.

Teacher  4:07  
Okay, so if I'm a student, and I'm sitting here going: *makes noises*

Anna  4:11  
Teacher, please stop singing. Thank you. Now, Teacher, do you have a norm that you can share for us? 

Teacher  4:22  
And then I would recommend the norm. Okay. 

Anna  4:25  
Yeah. So by doing the: call the students name please stop doing "X". You are keeping the warmth of if you were asking it in a question type format, you're still keeping it friendly. But there's a lot less opportunity for students to misconstrue what your goal is. Okay, so let's practice. I'm going to be as student, I want you try to redirect my behavior. Okay.

Teacher  4:50  
Okay.

Anna  4:51  
*in student voice* I think I got a hangnail. Does anyone have clippers?

Teacher  4:57  
Anna?

Anna  4:58  
Do you have to clippers? It's just it's a hangnail. I I just needed to be taken care of like... 

Teacher  5:05  
Ok, Anna. Can we take care of your hangnail afterwards? Oh, that was the question again. So it's good, I should say. Anna...I keep wanting to go to a question style.

Anna  5:20  
Yeah.

So one you could try would be: Anna, I understand you have a hangnail, I promise we'll deal with that later. But let's not talk about that right now. You're still acknowledging me, you're still validating, like, what you are saying is a thing, but we're going to be focusing on this instead and keep moving. 

Teacher  5:43  
Okay.

Anna  5:44  
Sorry, my cat is like trying to show you lots of empathy and heart right now she is...

Teacher  5:49  
I appreciate that. 

Anna  5:51  
Yeah. 

Teacher  5:52  
Okay.

Anna  5:54  
And so honestly, in this scenario, when you practice it again, if you notice yourself asking a question, instead of giving a direction that is okay. That is why we are practicing. It's totally okay for you to cut yourself off and then try again with a statement and see how it goes like, this is zero stakes, practice. Make mistakes, learn now so that then when you're in the classroom, you feel so much more comfortable. Okay.

Teacher  6:25  
Okay.

Anna  6:25  
So before we give this simulation another try. What questions do you have for me before we try it again?

Teacher  6:35  
Um, I don't know if I have any questions at the moment. Yeah, my thought was going to be how do I engage the other students in discussion, but I think that would be kind of counterintuitive if I were to ignore the student who's being distracting and focus on the other 

Anna  6:59  
100%. You absolutely do not want to ignore because if you ignore the behavior, it's likely to continue or escalate. The trick is just to be as specific as possible of: Teacher please stop talking. Anna, can you share a norm with us and just keep it moving like that as much as possible? 

Teacher  7:24  
Okay.

Anna  7:26  
You got this. I look forward to it. 

Teacher  7:29  
Okay.

Anna  7:31  
 You got this. Okay. You tell me when you are ready for round two.

