Anna  0:00  
Hi, Teacher.

Teacher  0:02  
Hey.

Anna  0:02  
How are you feeling?

Teacher  0:04  
I feel okay. Ah, I think it was all more interactive than I was anticipating, but it was good.

Anna  0:10  
Yeah, it is very, very interactive. They're going to be feeding off everything that you say in real time. So when you were going through it, I think one thing that you did incredibly well, was how consistently calm you were throughout. At no point in time did you let your students know that you were ruffled. If you were ruffled your tone at the beginning and your tone at the end, were both beautifully calm throughout, and that was a delight. So one thing I want to work on with you, is thinking about if a student behavior comes up, how we can be as specific in the redirection as possible. So let me read back to you what you said for Ethan's first video game behavior. Okay. You said, "Ethan, can you hear me? When I'm speaking, try to not make any noise? If that's okay, I'm sorry." What do you notice about what you said?

Teacher  1:14  
I think the way I spoke to Ethan was like more like a peer than like a teahcher to student relationship. I think that's something I still need to work on. But I think I kind of make it seem like it's his choice, rather than like one that would affect other students in the classroom and not be, I guess, a good classroom norm.

Anna  1:33  
Yeah, I think you have a bit of a habit of asking questions, is if you don't want to be cutting off or interrupting the students. And so there's a way that we can balance being more specific in our redirections and not being rude in the way that we're redirecting. Because for a lot of people who are beginning their teaching career, the concern is, well, I don't want to come off as too abrasive or too harsh, but then that leads to us framing our redirections as, like you said, a choice or a question. So instead, we're going to think about how we can be more specific with the words that we're using. So for example, when Ethan was whistling what you said was "Ethan, do you mind not whistling right now?" What would be a way that you could take that in instead of framing it as a "Do you mind question," into a statement.

Teacher  2:35  
I guess like when somebody's speaking, there should be no whistling or other noises.

Anna  2:40  
And I think if you can even combine the two, so that Ethan knows you're talking directly to him, like "Ethan, when I'm speaking, you should not make any other noises." The combination of what you are already doing well, by keeping it personal, but then being more specific of "Here's the behavior that needs to stop" is going to allow you to then focus the conversation back on norms, much quicker. The strongest redirection that you had, was when Ethan was doing his Darth Vader impersonation, what you said was "Ethan, you should not be speaking right now." Now, what makes that redirection a really effective one?

Teacher  3:26  
It was specific, um, I think it was like direct to the behavior itself, was pretty short too.

Anna  3:34  
Exactly. And because you already have the calm demeanor down, then your ability to deliver the very specific and redirection will help students understand what you want from them, and then go back to focusing much faster. So let's do a little bit of a practice work. I'm going to be a misbehaving student, and I want you to practice delivering me a very specific redirection, okay. "Mr.Teahcer do you have any food? 

Teacher  4:08  
Anna

Anna  4:09  
Yeah, I thought I packed-

Teacher  4:12  
Anna, when I'm speaking, no one else should be talking.

Anna  4:16  
But other people aren't talking, I just need a snack bar. I'm not everyone.

Teacher  4:21  
It's not the time right now. No, when I'm speaking you should not be speaking.

Anna  4:26  
Great. So that last part right there was your strongest of "Anna when I'm speaking you should not be speaking." And then if you are a little worried that like, well, maybe that's too harsh, then the way that you can have me as a student feel like I'm immediately brought back into the question is to follow that up by then asking me about the topic we're discussing. "Anna now is not the time to talk about food. Instead, do you have a classroom norm you can share" That one two punch is going to let me know, is going to let me know to stop this behavior, and then immediately "let's go back in the conversation. Let's talk about some classroom norms." So before we do another practice, what questions do you have for me?

Teacher  5:23  
I guess the main thing would just be that way to like, not be rude or like harsh in the redirection while also, I guess, being a good steering voice. I think it's also like, Is it okay to say like, it's not "Now's not the time," or like, "It's not relevant right now."

Anna  5:42  
Yeah, I think it's absolutely fine to say that, but I think it can help a student if you kind of specify when is a good time. So like, "Dev, please don't do a Darth Vader impersonation now, instead, can you save it for lunch? Thank you." By adding the please and thank you, you're making it a more polite interaction, and by telling me when would be a good time for that behavior, I am not going to be sitting there stewing wondering like, "Well, I'm never going to get to talk about Loki," and that will make me feel upset. What other questions you have before we try again?

Teacher  6:26  
Um, I guess that's, that's really it right now.

Anna  6:35  
Okay. So when you start again, and imagine it is not picking up where the conversation left off, but you were starting right from the beginning all over again. Brand new fresh practice, okay?

Teacher  6:50  
All right. Sounds good. 

Anna  6:52  
Okay.

