Coach  0:00  
How did you feel about that one?

Teacher  0:03  
Um, it was hard *laughs* it was hard.

Coach  0:06  
Yeah. It can be like, kind of awkward sometimes. Like, *laughs* why are we here? What was hard about it?

Teacher  0:14  
Um, I think, well, specifically when like, it suddenly, like at the start, it was like, You're the one who's making the mistakes. And like, I get that parents are like, really like, my kid is the best!

Coach  0:26  
 right.

Teacher  0:26  
 Like, that was hard. But then when he started talking about, like, his own job, like, you know, recognizing that parents have, like lives outside of their kids is also important.

Coach  0:35  
 Yes.

Teacher  0:36  
 yeah.

Coach  0:37  
 No, I think that, um, I completely agree with what you just said, One strength that I saw in your overall simulation was how well you built rapport with the dad, especially in the back half of the meeting, one of the most important opportunities for a parent conference is that establishment of a relationship. I think sometimes it can feel like oh, "we're here for business, I need to tell you as much as I can about your daughter." but like you said, he's a human with a life beyond just being Katie's dad. So when you responded empathetically to the challenges he presented, that kind of helped him understand that, like he, you know, he wasn't just there to be like his child's agent, basically. So great job there, I thought you managed that really well. Don't be afraid to like, lean into that opportunity to talk to him as a grown up, and not just as Katie's dad and kind of say, "oh, like, what, what can I help with what's going on? Do you want to share more, that's totally fine." So great work there. Um, one thing that I think you could do to bring that rapport in earlier in the conversation is to like, really, really bring in Katie's strengths in a detailed way at the outset of the meeting. And that's super important, because it shows that you know and value Katie for more than just her one or two sort of deficits or areas of concern, and that can be a way to create that warmth, that you left the meeting with a little bit sooner. 

Teacher  2:04  
Okay. 

Coach  2:05  
Um, so give me some examples of how you might start the meeting. Like instead of kind of saying, "well, I want to get right into it. Let me tell you what I've been seeing," what might be a way that you could start by focusing on strengths, what are some details you could give?

Teacher  2:18  
Um, I mean, I could say something like, "Mr. Reid, thank you so much for meeting with me, I just want to say that I read a book report that Katie just wrote, it was an outstanding, I really love her use of x, y, z... like..."

Coach  2:35  
 totally, yes. And I think relying on any details you have is super useful. Like, it's one thing to be like, Katie is a great reader. And it's like, okay, but to sort of go into some of those details that you do know, and you can be creative here, like, "Oh, she's really loves fiction. And we're reading this book right now. And--" you know, I know you're teaching biology, but just like you said, like, "she just read this report," that will kind of help give the sense that it's like, "oh, you really do know my daughter." And then that makes it way easier to sort of say, "I want Katie to show that, you know, that expertise and that passion in every area. That's why I want to talk to you about her social behavior" and kind of segue into those concerns. Don't be afraid to chit chat, like you can-- the beginning the first minute or so can be all warmth all, you know, just-- we're trying to have a relationship here. Because you have to remember, this may be like one of the only times you ever get to meet with this person face to face, it doesn't happen often. So just letting that kind of happen gradually. And that can really help later on because you brought up the fact that like it was kind of awkward, where he started getting defensive and shifting the blame to you.

Teacher  3:43  
 Yeah.

Coach  3:43  
Um, that can be an opportunity to sort of say, "Oh, well, you know, remember like Katie is really thriving in other areas of this class," like we talked about and come back to that foundation of strength. Um, why don't we kind of practice like with-- with that advice in mind some of the more awkward lines that he gave you like when he says something like, "well, experience really makes a difference and you don't have a lot of experience", How could you rely on what how could you rely on katie's strengths to respond to that?

Ooh, that-- *laughs* That's hard.

To go back to Katie's strengths in some ways, so try to just kind of use that as an opportunity to build a bridge right? Instead of kind of creating tension.

Teacher  4:23  
Um... Mr. Reid, I... you are definitely correct in pointing out that I am a first year teacher. But I think that Katie has been a really awesome student to work with in the way that like, even though this is my first year, she's been a great person to ask questions and to shoot ideas off of and I really loved working with her. So working with Katie doesn't make me feel like I'm a first year teacher.

Coach  4:54  
That's perfect. And I think even just sort of saying, "you know, Katie, really is thriving in this class, and like I think there's so much that she's doing well and I, you know, I want to learn from you as the expert in your child how I can do better." Yeah, something like that the way that you responded is wonderful, but just the way that I like to think of parent conferences is laying the foundation at the beginning, warm, positive, happy and then trying to come back to that whenever I get the opportunity. Um, you know, no matter what comes out of the remaining six minutes.

Teacher  5:25  
Ok.

Coach  5:25  
 any questions before we give it another go? 

Teacher  5:28  
*laughs* oh, no!

Coach  5:30  
Yay! We get to do it again!

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
