Coach  0:00  
All right, how are you feeling after your first simulation?

Teacher  0:07  
Good, I think it's kind of be difficult to figure out where the line is of being like, nice and kind and patient with your students, and then just kind of it not being effective. So, you know, I think it's, that's something that you have to figure out with practice. And it's different for each student. So in each class, you know, every period that you have so...

Coach  0:27  
Right. Well, great, hopefully, I can give you some tips while we coach that can address that exact thing. And then you can use that as you complete this simulation for the second round. Before, um, before we move on to the coaching and thinking about what to do next time, I did want to mention that you had a really strong -- you -- one of the things that we think about when we're managing students is being really timely, and identifying the behavior and saying to the student, like acknowledging to the student, like I see that you're misbehaving. If you aren't timely, then it -- then they will expand on that behavior. And it'll filter from student to student and so you did a really good job of as soon as someone was misbehaving, you did identify that student, often calling their name like, for the first one, for example, you said thank you, Ethan. I'm not sure that's a norm. Ethan, Ethan, come on. And then in the second one was Ethan, do you want to take a break, and you did that in a really timely way, which was really helpful. But what I want to focus this session on it, and something that we know works for most students, is that it's really important to be specific when you provide a redirection and succinct. And so I'm gonna do -- usually we pick one thing -- you were specific, but it usually took a while before you gave them the specific redirection. And it sounds like you were trying to give them the opportunity to fix it. And then when they didn't, you gave that specific redirection. And instead, it's really important to be specific and succinct right away. So when Ethan started his talking about his video games, you say, Ethan, please be quiet right now, or can you please be quiet? And so you said that, but after you took a lot of instructional time to get there, and sometimes it feels a little harsh, especially as a new teacher, but really for the students, it's their benefit, that you're going to stop that behavior so they can engage in the discussion. And then, for example, like with Ethan, whistling, something that we do do with students sometimes is that we do offer them a break, but in this case, you could have asked him first to stop the behavior. And that then if it didn't happen in a real classroom, that might be the next step. But first, tell them exactly -- you would say their name. And either what you want them to do, like in the first one, you said, please be quiet, or their name and stop talking. So either what you want them to do, or the specific behavior that you want them to stop doing. Okay? And, for example, in the Darth Vader, when they were talking, he was doing the Darth Vader imitation, you said you should save that for recess. And what is that? So for a student, they might say, what am I saving for recess? You're always gonna have that student that asks that. So saying, saying, Eth -- um, Ethan, let's talk about Darth Vader at recess. And then you did say be quiet at the end. And so you had those moments of specificity, but often there was an entire dialogue, where you they really sucked you into the misbehavior in a way that can take away from learning. And so like, even with Ethan, he was drumming and singing. And you said, Do you mind not singing? And it's okay, it's perfectly okay to classroom and say, Ethan do not sing right now. And then you could say you can sing at recess. And that's the way like to get that part. But it should be really brief and succinct, because you want to be spending your time working on the skill at hand. Does that make sense? 

Teacher  3:42  
Yes. 

Coach  3:43  
Okay, great. Why do you think it's better to be specific and succinct with the redirection?

Teacher  3:52  
Um, you know, I think kids try to have fun. So maybe if you say, like, oh, can you stop doing that look, like you said, If I say, Stop that, if I'm not being specific, they might not, you know -- they try to weasel their way around it, try to distract from class instruction as much as possible. Or if they see that maybe you're not being firm from the get go. They're like, well, you know, yes, I have to be quiet, but maybe I can get another 30 seconds of chitchat first. And so I guess you're right, it does take a bit of effort when you're first, like being a teacher to like, get that sort of firmness out of the way. So I think that's something I should practice on. But yeah. 

Coach  4:28  
Yeah, I think that's great. And you -- you said it. I think also, children want to know what your expectations are, because ultimately, all children want to please you. Right? And so they can't please you if they don't know your expectations, and unless you're explicit with your expectations with specific redirections How can they do that for you, right? And so sometimes it feels harsh, but really, it's a gift to students. When you tell them exactly what you want them to do that will please you so you can move on with instruction. And then what happens is when you build this norm in your classroom students know what is and is not appropriate. And so you've done all of that work and then you can spend your time focusing on teaching. Alright, let's do some quick practice before we get started and you get another chance to do this. So I'm going to be a student, I'll be an off task student, I want you to give me a specific and succinct redirection to either stop doing the behavior I'm doing or to do the behavior you want without asking me a question. Okay? 

Teacher  5:28  
Okay. 

Coach  5:31  
*Begins humming loudly*

Teacher  5:31  
Katie, stop humming, you know that you have an assignment right now. Get back to work.

Coach  5:37  
Yeah, well, you can just say -- you can leave it -- Katie, please stop humming, and that's all I need to do. Like, it can be as short as that and it sometimes even feels better as a teacher -- Katie, stop humming. Oh, okay. Right. And you can say Katie, stop humming. Let's -- please eyes on me. Right and then they're back on your discussion. Right? But I think it could be as simple as Katie stop humming. Does that make sense?

Teacher  6:00  
Okay.

Coach  6:02  
Okay. 

Teacher  6:03  
Yes, yes. Thank you.

Coach  6:04  
Yes. Great.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
