Kristyn  0:00  
Alright, how do you think that went?

Teacher  0:03  
I don't know, I just was not expecting that.

Kristyn  0:06  
It can be it can be wild in there. So way to go for hanging in there and like pushing through, you never gave up, which is really, really important. Hopefully, our conversation over the next five minutes will make you feel more more prepared to do the exact same simulation again, so you're gonna get another shot at it, um, the environment will stay the same, the task will stay the same. So one strength that I saw something that I thought you did really, really well was that you were generally very timely in your acknowledgement of the misbehaviors students were committing. So as soon as a kid started doing something ridiculous, you noticed it, and you said something to try to redirect that behavior that is so important, because it, it helps minimize that behavior. So that you can proceed with the task and kind of utilize the maximum amount of time for the skill, as opposed to letting the misbehavior kind of unravel. Um, something that I want to work on during our five minutes together is going to be specificity in redirection. Um, so thinking back to one of those simulations, what was something that kind of threw you off?

Teacher  1:21  
Um, probably, at one point, I thought that it was Ethan talking still but it was Dev. I just like, didn't even realize that because my attention was like, over. 

Kristyn  1:31  
Yes. Okay, that's perfect. 

Teacher  1:34  
That kind of threw me off. And then I guess just like, initially, I didn't realize that they were going to be like, interruptive. So it just kind of,

Kristyn  1:41  
Yes, acting crazy. Um, what kinds of things did you say when someone was like was interrupting, either character.

Teacher  1:49  
So whenever Ethan initially started interrupting, I tried to get him to give an example of some norms that we should be doing and try to kind of give the attention to him, it kind of seemed like something he was wanting was like the attention. Yeah. Or to redirect it that way to kind of make him give us an example. And then after that kind of continued for a while, then I told them, let's like try to not distract the rest of our peers. And let's sit with our hands in our laps like the rest of the class. Good.

Kristyn  2:24  
So I think that you you, like I said, you did a really nice job of acknowledging whatever was going on, and sort of indicating that's not what we need to do here. There's something else that should be going on. In the next simulation, when a student Ethan, Dev, whoever does something inappropriate, interruptive, distractive. I want you to specifically name that behavior that you'd like him to stop doing, and then specifically name what he should be doing instead. Why do you think that's important?

Teacher  2:55  
Um, I would say probably, so they're like, they know exactly what my expectations are. of them.

Kristyn  3:01  
Exactly. Right. One of the things that you did did was you said something like Ethan stopped being distracting. Do you remember how he responded? 

Teacher  3:08  
Yeah, something like I'm not. 

Kristyn  3:11  
Exactly. And so I think sometimes when we give sort of generic commands, like, don't be distracting, kids can interpret classroom behavior and what's appropriate very differently. And so it can be very helpful to provide that specific redirection of Ethan, stop talking to your neighbor, and please give a classroom norms so that he understands what is and what is not acceptable. Okay, do you want to practice this with me, I'll do something really obnoxious and you can try to redirect me? 

Teacher  3:42  
Okay, I can try to do that. 

Kristyn  3:43  
Okay, I will be obnoxious. And then you just do whatever you think is right. Start teaching and I'll interrupt.

Teacher  3:50  
So today, we're going to be talking about our classroom norms. So, Kristyn, can we stop clap? Or can we stop clapping while the teacher is talking, it's distracting to the rest of the students? You should be sitting with your hands in your lap.

Kristyn  4:02  
Yes, sir. All right, that was perfect. You gave a non behavior and a positive behavior. And I think the more succinct that you can be in that, the better. I think sometimes we can worry about being overly harsh, but I've always found that clear boundaries are really useful when interacting with students. Um, okay, do you have any questions about the simulation before you move into round two?

Teacher  4:31  
I don't think so. I think I know a little bit more.

Kristyn  4:35  
What's gonna Yeah, what to expect. Okay, so we're gonna move into round two, you're going to try the same exact simulation again from the beginning. Um, and I just am excited to kind of see you use that great acknowledgment that you did in the first round and then apply a little bit more specificity to your redirections when you're engaging with the students misbehaviors, um, okay. Are you ready?

