Coach  0:00  
So, tell me, Teacher, what was that experience like for you?

Teacher  0:04  
Slightly frustrating, but also really confusing because I couldn't tell who was saying what most of the time, or, like, who was necessarily making the noises. So it was hard to figure out like who to address. And I think it was just because it was either laggy or I couldn't really see their mouths moving, so I was like, I have no idea, like, who I'm supposed to be addressing right now or the class in general, I guess. 

Coach  0:31  
Yeah, and I do know that the boys' mouths are a little bit smaller than the girls' mouths, so it is sometimes hard to tell when they are talking. One thing that is helpful for this scenario and practice is focusing on the body language. Even if you can't tell them out, the body language can often provide you a cue of who is facing forward and really paying attention to what you're saying, or who is looking around and who's fidgeting. Those can sometimes be reliable indicators, even if the mouth isn't super helping you.

Teacher  1:01  
Mmhm.

Coach  1:03  
So, what I loved that you were doing, was how you were trying to be super calm in the way you were redirecting students. Even when there were points where you were getting frustrated, I could see how you were like, "take a deep breath, I am going to say this in a calm voice right now," even when a behavior was very frustrating for you. And I think that is so beneficial to not escalate students' behavior, especially if students are not intentionally being disrespectful. We as teachers really cannot let our frustration show and you did a fabulous job of not letting them know that you were frustrated.

What I want to practice with you is being more specific in the redirections that you are giving. So I noticed, Teacher, that you have a tendency of asking students to stay quiet. Now, especially when we're working with middle schoolers, why can the redirection to stay quiet be a little bit confusing?

Teacher  2:09  
Well, yeah. A few times they were just like, whispered instead of stop talking altogether. 

Coach  2:16  
Mm hmm. And that is definitely what middle schoolers will do because for many situations, they will genuinely believe, "Oh, I'm meeting Miss Teacher's expectation. She asked me to be quiet, so I'm being quieter while I do this behavior." Instead, one thing that we can do is shift our language to say, "Please be silent" or "Please stop talking." Or, "Please stop making noise." Whatever, that particular instance is, because when the redirection is more precise, it won't leave open the opportunity for confusion of "Am I doing the right thing right now?"

So, one example of that would be when Dev was talking about superheroes. What you said to Dev was, "Dev, remember, we're staying quiet right now." Now, if you were to rephrase that, instead of Dev just whispering, how would you have gone about that differently?

Teacher  3:19  
I could have like easily said we're, like, staying silent right now.

Coach  3:24  
And I think... I think the "we" can sometimes be confusing as well, because then students might turn that and say, "Oh, then you can't talk either Miss Teacher." So instead, you can say, "Dev, please stop talking about superheroes. Dev, please don't make noise right now, unless it is about classroom norms." And then you can follow that up really quickly with, "Now can you please share a classroom norm for me?" So let's do a practice where I am going to be a misbehaving student. I want you to try to deliver a redirection, and then bring me back into the conversation about norms. Okay?

Teacher  4:10  
Mmhm.

Coach  4:12  
Does anyone have any snacks? I forgot my lunch and I'm hungry. Like, some Cheez-Itz?

Teacher  4:20  
Coach.

Coach  4:22  
Yeah, do you, have Ch-

Teacher  4:23  
Coach.

Coach  4:23  
Cheetos would be really good. Do you have any cheese puffs?

Teacher  4:28  
Right now, it's really important that you stay silent unless you want to contribute a norm that you would like our class to abide by this year. 

Coach  4:36  
Okay.

Teacher  4:38  
So do you have any norms you would like to share that you think is really important for the class to follow? 

Coach  4:43  
Teacher, I love that. you followed that up with a question immediately. That was great, because that hooks me back into the discussion, so that then instead of thinking about how much I wanted a snack, I now needed to respond to your question. That was fabulous.

So, let's try the simulation again from the beginning. Do you have any questions for me before we try round two?

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
