Anna  0:00  
That was not so bad. It was, it was hectic, because our children are delights that will misunderstand things accidentally. And will get distracted very easily bless their hearts. But what you were consistently doing was keeping a positive tone in all of your interactions. You were finding ways to connect with students, you were smiling. You were trying to keep things as positive as humanly possible. And like, I have practiced this scenario from the teacher labs, and it is hard and frustrating. And at no point in time, did you show any sense of like frustration or anger, and that was beautiful. 

Teacher  0:50  
Thank you. Ethan is... I know that there's there are Ethans in the classroom because I have a little brother, we're 17 years apart. And he's, he's an Ethan. But he also like, he takes instructions. So but he's really he's really smart. So he's really, because he's so smart. He gets bored. And he just like started doing it. So I was trying to think like of my brother, and how I would try to talk to him. So...

Anna  1:14  
That's such a useful skill. I love that. So one, one tool that we're going to add to your tool belt, just so you can feel like you have another strategy is trying to deliver a super lightning quick direction that is specific of the behavior you want to see stop or start. An example of this would be like Teacher, please stop fidgeting. Let me compare that with... Sorry, I'm looking over at my notes to give you another example. 

Teacher  1:49  
No, you're fine.

Anna  1:51  
So when Ethan started his whistling, what you said was, Ethan, can you quiet down so that Ava can hear us and the rest of the class can hear us? How is that different from Ethan, please stop whistling?

Teacher  2:11  
I think that the can gives him an option. Like when I say can you please like quiet down instead? I would just like Ethan please quiet down. It's like, I don't have an option. Because if I ask Can you, then of course, he's gonna be like no, or yet like he did. I think he said, like, yeah, I can be quiet or something like that. But he was still like well, yeah, I get that.

Anna  2:31  
And then that is one perfect way to improve specificity. Another way that can be super tough when we're working with students is that quiet means something different to everyone. And I found a lot of the time that when I would redirect a student by asking them to be quiet, they would continue the same behavior, but in a whisper volume. But what I actually wanted them to do was please stop talking about Marvel right now. 

Teacher  2:59  
Okay.

Anna  3:00  
Please stop making noise right now. And I found that when I would tell a student to be quiet, they would keep doing the same thing. Just Wow. Okay, so let's do a little bit of a practice. I want you to be a misbehaving student, and then I will show you how I would redirect your behavior. 

Teacher  3:25  
Okay. Okay. *starts making noises* 

Anna  3:34  
Teacher, please stop booping. Thank you for stopping Teacher. Can you share with us a classroom norm that you would like to see in class?

Teacher  3:45  
Yes, I think that students should have to raise their hands before they talk.

Anna  3:51  
That was a great one. Okay, so what I did was I was trying to channel my best Teacher positivity, I obviously didn't do it justice because you are just like a glowing ball of sunshine.

Teacher  4:05  
Thank you.

Anna  4:06  
What I did in that example was I identified please stop this behavior, waited for it to stop thanks the student and then immediately move to them back into classroom norms. That way if there was a student who was feeling like, bummed out, I'm now distracted, because I'm immediately brought back into the classroom conversation. So when we try this practice, again, I want you to get comfortable. I want you to get comfortable cutting a behavior off with a lightning quick redirection of please stop whatever the behavior is. Okay. 

Teacher  4:47  
Okay. 

Anna  4:48  
Okay, are you ready to try again?

Teacher  4:50  
Yes.

