Coach  0:01  
TEACHER, how do you feel about the simulation?

Teacher  0:06  
Man, *laughs* It was funny. *laughs* It was hilarious. How do you want me to treat it like, you know, I showed the other half is just like, what is that?

Coach  0:19  
Absolutely. And I can say in my first year of teaching, I definitely had the the instincts of, oh, what that kid is doing right now is hilarious. And I would then engage with the students. And the next thing I knew the bell was ringing and we had accomplished nothing and that entire class period. So one of the really tricky things that we have to learn when we're early career educators, is how to balance when we have students with so much beautiful personality that are really funny and comical, with also, but hey, we need to do this class work right now. So tell me what was the experience like for you, when you were trying to redirect behavior?

Teacher  1:00  
I it was really difficult because, like, I have my like, volume all the way turned up. So it's kind of hard to think over like the other couple things. Um, so that was really hard to try to even like, understand what my next step would be. And also, like it just, it just also wouldn't stop, so that was another thing. Even reasoning at all, just didn't work. Like, it's just like, hey, are you are you like even trying to have all the conversation about whatever he was doing, was just like, nah.

Coach  1:31  
He was really into Mario today. 

Teacher  1:35  
Yeah.

Coach  1:35  
It was a whole thing for him. You were trying a few different strategies you were trying to go 123 eyes on me, you were trying to engage him in conversation. What we're going to practice today is another strategy that you can add to your tool belt, if you feel like those aren't totally working for you. And that is providing a specific lightning quick redirection where you are really clear of "please stop this behavior." And making that your redirection you came so close to it when Ethan was whistling when Ethan was whistling at one point you said, so "Ethan, please stop." And Ethan responded, Stop what? And you said "123 eyes on me." Now, instead of saying, "Ethan, please stop," What you can try is "Ethan please stop whistling." That way, there's no room for student confusion of what behavior is okay, what behavior is comical. And it's just real quick direction, please stop doing this behavior. And then you can jump back in with discussing classroom norms. 

Teacher  2:47  
Yeah, okay. 

Coach  2:49  
Even if you want to try the 123, what you can try and set is like, 123 Ethan, stop whistling. It doesn't rhyme as beautifully as eyes on me. But I will say like, I definitely had the experiences in my classroom, if I would say eyes on me, and the kids would have their eyes on me while they're continuing a full conversation with the person sitting next to them. And that redirection wasn't the most effective for me.

Teacher  3:18  
 Yeah. Ok.

Coach  3:20  
So let's do a little practice with that, where I want you to be comfortable cutting me off so that I don't talk for 97 hours, and being really clear about what I need to stop doing. Okay?

Teacher  3:35  
 Okay. 

Coach  3:37  
I think I have a hangnail. 

Teacher  3:42  
We'll stop talking right now, COACH-- now, COACH? is that? I don't exactly... 

Coach  3:46  
Yeah. I think-- I think then you can follow that up with COACH, please stop talking right now. Instead, can you share with us a norm?

Teacher  3:58  
Okay, so redirecting the attention on, we'll answer this question.

Coach  4:01  
Exactly. And I think that when you have those two go really quick together in succession, it'll decrease the likelihood that then I as a student feel called out or put on the spot.

Teacher  4:16  
Ok.

Coach  4:16  
 So before we give the simulation another try, do you want to do another practice? Do you want to talk through any concerns? What would be the most helpful for you?

Teacher  4:26  
Uh, yeah, can I get another practice? 

Coach  4:29  
Yeah, absolutely. Okay. *begins whistling*

Teacher  4:34  
COACH, can you stop whistling please? Okay. So, one thing I do want to ask you, COACH, could you name one classroom norm?

Coach  4:46  
Oh, um. Do your homework?

Teacher  4:50  
Is that something you would want as expectation from students to the teacher? Is that something that should be expected from you as a student?

Coach  4:58  
I mean, I guess like, if you're assigning it.

Teacher  5:01  
Yeah, and why did you think I would be assigning it?

Coach  5:06  
Cuz it's something I have to know.

Teacher  5:09  
That's fine. *alarm goes off* Yeah, I think that's good.

Coach  5:14  
Okay, great. TEACHER, I am feeling real good about round two. You got this.

