Coach  0:01  
Good job, alright. I'm gonna take a minute to finish my notes, and then we'll start coaching. 

Teacher  0:08  
Okay. 

Coach  0:19  
All right. How are you feeling about your first round of classroom norms?

Teacher  0:23  
It was good. Yeah, it was kind of hard to tell who was making the noise. 

Coach  0:28  
Mm-Hmm.

Teacher  0:29  
Um, like, it wasn't always clear right away. So I didn't want to, like, call out the wrong student.

Coach  0:34  
Mm-Hmm. Yeah, and sometimes you'll experience that in a real classroom as well. And sometimes we're still working out all of our systems, and everything as well, so you did a really good job of, it's okay to take a moment to figure out who that student is. So that's totally fine. All right, one thing that you did really well was you constantly came back to the classroom norms conversation, so you would redirect the students, and then you would bring it back to that conversation. For the most part, which is really good. You also it was pretty timely, and how you, you were very aware that there was a student doing something you didn't want them to do. And you came to that student pretty quickly, and you tried to redirect them in some way. So that's a good thing. That's really important, because if you don't come to-- timely to that behavior, it will get worse over time, and only build and become harder to rein back in. But today for conversation, I wanted to focus on being really succinct when you redirect students. And so when you are succinct with students, you use the fewest words possible. And so what happened was, at times, you were, you did give a specific redirection. But oftentimes, there was a whole conversation that happened before you got to your specific redirection. And so one of the things you did when Ethan was talking about his video game, and you said, Thank you for your enthusiasm, let's keep our voices to ourselves, and then you sort of use that as part of your norms conversation, and then he didn't stop. And so then you finally said, Ethan, please stop singing while I'm talking. Instead, you might have said, Ethan, please stop singing while I'm talking. Let's talk about norms, and how it's really important to keep our voices to ourselves. Why do you think it might be useful to be succinct and provide that redirection and then come back to the conversation?

Teacher  2:17  
I think it focuses all the other students attention on what matters rather than the distraction

Coach  2:23  
right. And it takes like, and then this happened again, with the conversation about the superheroes. And so you were timely. You said, Dev, Can you think of any norms for our classroom as a way to sort of redirect his conversation, and then he started talking about superheroes, and then he sort of sucked you into the conversation about superheroes? Before you were able to shift back to classroom norms. And so that would have been another good opportunity to say Dev, let's talk about superheroes at lunch. And you did use that strategy. Earlier, you said, I think you said we can do this at a different time. Making sure that you name the student that's doing the behavior. And I know we talked about it was hard to identify who...

Teacher  3:05  
Mm-Hmm.

Coach  3:05  
 once you did to say who it is. And you can either say the action that they should do or the action they need to stop, and then bring it back to the classroom norms and try to use as few of-- few words as possible because it takes away from like it, then it doesn't take away from your learning, and you have a lot more time to engage in the discussion. Does that make sense? Okay, we have time to do some practice. Actually, we can generate an example in a non example first. And then if we have time, we'll practice a little scenario before you do the simulation again. So we talked about how it's really important that redirections are succinct, because then it doesn't take away from the learning time. So let's say that Ethan is humming. What would be a succinct way to respond to Ethan humming?

Teacher  3:54  
um, say like, he said, Let's be quiet while other people are speaking.

Coach  3:59  
Yeah. And you you might say, Ethan, stop talking, Ethan be quiet. That's great. What would be an example of something that's not succinct?

Teacher  4:10  
Like, even though you for humming, but that would be a better activity for recess.

Coach  4:15  
Right. Like you might say, Oh, you might say, "hey Ethan, in what do you think the classroom norms," or like, "Oh, you're humming right now, like maybe you shouldn't hum right now." Like, "It's not very nice when you hum because we're trying to talk about classroom norms and when you hum we can't hear." versus just saying, "Ethan, stop humming. Alright, everyone, let's keep talking about our classroom norms." Right? And so, that's an example of how you might be more succinct. And so we'll practice once and then it'll be time for you to try again. Alright, so I'm going to be the off task students, and you can practice being specific. So my name is COACH, and succinct with your redirection of what I'm doing. *tapping*

Teacher  4:54  
COACH, no dancing, okay, while we're-- while we're listening. 

Coach  4:57  
Okay.

Teacher  4:58  
 Thank you. do you-- oh, ok cool.

Coach  5:01  
Nope, that was great. Yeah, that was great. And then you did exactly what you needed to do, which was to shift gears right back to your instruction on classroom norms. All right. Good job. Okay, now you're gonna have a chance to try the same simulation again from the beginning. Do you have any questions for me?

Teacher  5:20  
*shakes head no*

Coach  5:20  
All right. You have a few minutes to get ready. Let me know when you're ready to start.

Teacher  5:25  
Okay, I'm ready.

Coach  5:27  
 Okay, great. Begin simulation.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
