Kristyn  0:00  
Talk me through a little bit. What are- What are your- What are you feelings? What are your thoughts? Okay?

Teacher  0:06  
My first thought is that that's not... that wasn't probably super realistic. Um, I feel like, I mean, and maybe I just totally don't know what to expect, but I feel like in most cases, if I would have directly asked... Like, I don't know, I guess my understanding of the norm setting expectations was going to be like, since these are, like, virtual students, that they weren't going to have any expectations in place. But as soon as we started, like, putting them that it was gonna be like, kind of computed into the way that they act in class.

Kristyn  0:42  
 Right. 

Teacher  0:42  
So I was a little, like, thrown off by the fact that they weren't responding.

Kristyn  0:49  
 Totally. 

Teacher  0:49  
Um... I guess it just makes me, like, worry. 'Cause classroom management is like, one of my, like, things that I'm like, having to work the hardest on right now in my Zoom classroom. 

Kristyn  1:04  
Yeah. It's like the hardest thing about being a teacher, I think, and it's very personality driven, so you kind of have to figure out like, how do I want to address these kinds of issues in my classroom. I think on the one hand, like, it seems extreme, but then on the other hand, like, it is true that interruptive and disruptive behavior escalates in the classroom. So, I think that hopefully over the course of this conversation, like coaching conversation, I can give you some strategies to like, really nip it in the bud so that it doesn't escalate, because it definitely kind of has a radiating effect in any classroom, as it- as it arises. 

Um, so, here we go. One thing that I thought that you did really, really well, was you acknowledged every misbehavior. You didn't just try to like, teach over them, or you know, talk louder, or engage with like, "Oh, sure, I guess we can talk about Black Widow, if that's what you want to do." And that's really important, because it showed me that you knew what your objective was, and that you understood what should and should not be happening in the classroom. So kudos, you on that, that was really good. 

Um, one thing that I'm going to give you a little coaching on today is going to be the specificity of your redirections. So specificity is really important, because it gives students a very clear, hyper clear understanding of what they should and should not be doing. So, thinking back to your simulation, um, when like, Ethan started drumming, or making chicken noises, what was sort of your instinct of how to redirect that? 

Teacher  2:43  
I guess my instinct was first... my first instinct, what I did first was to ask the rest of the class, like, do we think that that's a behavior that, you know, we, as a class want? And everyone shook their head. And so I tried to use that to be like, "Hey, Ethan, your classmates have just, you know, used their body language to tell me that, when you do that, it doesn't create an environment that's suitable for learning." And he didn't stop, and so then my next thought was to engage him directly in the question and be like, "Do you think that that is, you know, whatever, like, you know, a good behavior?" And he was like, "Yeah, why not? It's fun." And I was like, "Well, having fun is important, but that might be fun for you, but your other classmates aren't having fun. And don't you think that it's important for us all to be having fun?" 

Kristyn  3:35  
Yeah. Yeah. So I think if you have a mature student, your approach could work really well to be like, "read the room, buddy." With a student like Ethan, who has proven himself to be a real pain, direct, really-specific timely redirection is super important. So instead of kind of opening it up for a back and forth, um, I am gonna see if I can challenge you in the next version to give a very specific redirection. "Ethan, will you er- Ethan, please stop humming."

Teacher  4:07  
Okay.

Kristyn  4:07  
"Ethan, will you give me a classroom norm?" Might seem a little bit harsh, but students thrive in very clear guidelines, as opposed to kind of gray area or inference, especially when it comes to classroom management. So naming the non-behavior and then naming the appropriate behavior will not allow Ethan any opportunity to tell you that you're wrong, which can just be a really helpful way to contain that moment so that it doesn't kind of radiate out and like you said, become like this sort of complex discussion that -

Teacher  4:41  
I was sitting there like, "Oh my gosh." Like wow! Real rabbithole.

Kristyn  4:45  
Totally. Okay, so why don't you start teaching and I will interrupt you and you can kind of practice this before we send you back in. 

Teacher  4:56  
Um...Hey, everyone. It's been so nice to meet everyone. Hey, Ethan, please stop that.

Kristyn  5:02  
What? Stop what?

Teacher  5:03  
Stop drumming, please. Stop drumming and sit quietly and pay attention. 

Kristyn  5:09  
Yes, ma'am.

Teacher  5:09  
And if I call on you, then you can share it with us. 

Kristyn  5:14  
Perfect. Okay, that was really good. Um, in your first response, you said stop that. This may seem hyper picky, but I think naming the misbehavior is really, really useful. If possible, if you can kind of put a- put a label on it, whatever it may be. Um, and I think that that really comes back to the idea that students are going to bring a lot of different behavioral norms to class, based on different environments that they've been in, you know, been in, in the past. So, um, if you can kind of be really clear about what you approve of and what you expect and what is not acceptable, then that will really help hopefully curb some of those behaviors.

Teacher  5:55  
 I think that's where I was kind of getting tripped up because I was so focused on having it be, like, a collaborative experience, that I felt like, should I like, state a rule right now, you know? Especially like coming from TFA, where they basically, you know, are training us out of making rules. So, there's just so many things to consider all at once. 

Kristyn  6:19  
No, that's totally fair. And I think that you can kind of think of it as like a redirection rather than like a stated rule forever and ever to kind of go back to that cooperative purpose, which you were very committed to, which I think is great. And that's what we want the five minutes to really be spent on, as opposed to like, confusing. redirections 

Teacher  6:38  
Okay. 

Kristyn  6:39  
Okay, are you ready to give it another go?

Teacher  6:42  
Yes, I am.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
