Teacher  0:00  
*laughs*

coach  0:00  
How are you doing TEACHER?

Teacher  0:04  
I'm doing good. 

coach  0:06  
How do you feel that went?? 

Teacher  0:09  
I mean, it was okay. I used to work in daycare. So it's not really foreign to me that, you know, 

coach  0:14  
You have seen it all!

Teacher  0:16  
yeah, kids are gonna be disruptive. I mean, that's just, you know, if it was a real classroom, I probably would have assigned him like something to do for me, like, go across the classroom and deliver these papers or you know, but because it's a virtual settings a little bit difficult to kind of tell him what to do. But it was cool. 

coach  0:35  
You are absolutely spot on correct with that. And I'm so glad that you already have prior experience that is going to make your institute life and your teaching life, so much better TEACHER. That's wonderful. So what we're going to work on is I remember to set my timer for coaching, I'm so bad at the timer for coaching part.

Teacher  1:00  
*laughs*

coach  1:01  
what we're going to talk about today is being specific with your redirections. Because you did a wonderful job of immediately noticing and responding to the off task behaviors. you did not let a single behavior go without you addressing it. And that, with-it-ness is super, super, super important. What we're going to work on in particular, is being more precise with your language of exactly what behavior you want to stop, or what behavior you want to start instead. So one example, when Ethan was whistling, what you said to him, I'm sorry, I'm like looking at my notes. I promise I'm not trying to be disrespectful. You said, Hey, Ethan, you're still making noise, buddy. And then you mentioned to him that it's not nice to make noises when someone else is talking. Now, that is a good acknowledgement of the behavior. But when we're thinking about a specific redirection, I want you to tell Ethan, exactly what behavior you want him to change. So I think it's fine to acknowledge that he's making the noise, but then follow that up with, "So Ethan, please be silent. Ethan, you're whistling please be silent." Or let's practice another example. Do you remember another one of the behaviors you want to talk about?

Teacher  2:30  
Um, yeah, he was whispering to Jasmine, I guess his classmate.

coach  2:37  
Yeah, so we could do the Darth Vader whispering to Jasmine, that one. So at that one, what you said to him was, I want us to focus on coming up with classroom roles. So if we could just focus. Now, why is focus maybe not the most specific direction?

Teacher  3:02  
I probably, um, let me think I mean, maybe it's because like, focus is kind of broad, maybe I should have said, like, I want us to keep our ears open and our mouths closed so we can hear what I am saying or something like that.

coach  3:19  
I think that's great, TEACHER, because then you are letting Ethan know, here's the behavior I want to change. Here's why I want it to change. And I love that you added in a little flavor of bringing it back to the rule-- uh, rules and norms. Because then we don't really linger on the redirection for too long it is, here's the behavior I need to change. Now let's go back to classroom norms. And that kind of bounce back can be super helpful.

Teacher  3:47  
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.

coach  3:47  
 So let's do a little bit of any practice where I'm going to be a student in your class. I want you to be as specific with your redirection as possible. Okay. 

Teacher  3:58  
Okay. 

coach  3:59  
Okay. Miss TEACHER, do you have any fingernail clippers, I think I have a I have a hangnail and I just I need to get that taken care of I don't want to like, bite it off.

Teacher  4:12  
COACH, I need you and I need you to stop focusing on your fingers and to focus on the words that I'm saying because what I'm saying is going to help you guys today in class. So let's, let's put our fingers down. Let's keep our ears open. And let's listen to the instruction. I'm going to give you guys for today's lesson.

coach  4:32  
Beautiful. Okay, TEACHER, what do you think was the strongest part of that redirection?

Teacher  4:38  
Probably me telling her to put her fingers down and to... Yeah.

coach  4:42  
absolutely. Because that is where you got to the most precise, "Here's the behavior you need to change, COACH" and then you can follow that up right after with "COACH, I need you to put your fingers down. And instead of talking about your fingers, tell me a classroom norm."  

Teacher  5:00  
Mm-hmm, Mm-hmm.

coach  5:00  
that then pulls me back into the conversation super quickly. So understanding you have daycare experience and bless you because daycare is like herding cats. Are you preparing to be an elementary or secondary teacher?

Teacher  5:15  
So my certification area is in upper elementary and middle school.

coach  5:21  
That's like the four through eight one?

Teacher  5:23  
Yes. Four through Eight. 

coach  5:24  
Nice!

Teacher  5:26  
Yeah, I recently got a job with SCHOOL as a fifth grade, ELR and social studies teacher so I'm excited.

coach  5:38  
TEACHER, as a former social studies and English teacher, you are going to have the best time of all of the content areas you could be working with. That is the absolute best. I love it. So we're going to have the opportunity for you to try the same simulation again from the beginning. Do you have any questions before we get started with round two? 

Teacher  6:02  
No. 

coach  6:03  
Okay, great. I'm looking forward to this. You're gonna have specific redirections. It is going to go great. Begin simulation.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
