Coach  0:00  
No, the last question doesn't often get through...so how did you think that went?

Teacher  0:08  
 Pretty well, I think I clarified misunderstandings, and yeah, pretty well.

Coach  0:15  
 Um, I would agree with that, I definitely think that you, when students had a misunderstanding that you addressed it, and that you were able to point them in the right direction of the text by, for example, when Ethan says that, Lisa's excited, you said, you know, right shore, well, when did she talk about the lie detector results. That's paragraph 13. So you pointed the student in the right direction to clarify their misunderstanding. But instead of just pointing the students to where to look, we want to give them a little bit more agency and authority to look for this evidence themselves. So to help them clarify misunderstandings, we want to not just tell them where to look. But we want to ask questions, which we call a feedback loop that kind of point them in the right direction. So you've started this, you started asking the questions, but we just want to make sure that we're giving more agency to the students to uncover the misconceptions on their own. Do you understand that? Okay, so, um, for we'll continue with Ethan's example. So when Ethan says, she's excited, paragraph two, you, you pointed to when she talked about the lie detector results? That's what this question is asking. And that... we could leave it at that we don't need to point them to paragraph 13. We can say, you know, well, this is asking about the lie detector results, how does she feel then, and then Ethan can look to paragraph 13, paragraph...pretty much 13 or anything that's always 20, 22 for 20-14, he can then kind of find that evidence himself. But then you can kind of continue those questions that you would ask, like, why is the heart pounding? You know, why does that make us feel nervous? That would all be a part of the feedback loop. We're just gonna take out that piece where we tell the student exactly where to walk. Okay. Um, and so for... you had a really nice segway in because Ethan kind of pointed out like, Oh, she lied. So that was a very nice transition into, well, who is she? If she's not the student, intern? Um, but what how could we respond to a student when we, if we say like, I think that she is the student intern? How could we respond to Ava without telling her to go to paragraph four?

Teacher  2:30  
Mmm hmm. We could say....

Coach  2:42  
So you could bring up kind of like, you know, the responses? Well, we know that she took a lie detector test and that she was nervous. So what in the text tells us that, you know, what in the text tells us, she might not be the student intern, like, where do we see that in the text? And then the student might then look through and say, like, Oh, she lied. In paragraph four, it says her cover might be blown. So because her cover might be blown, we know she's not the student intern. Right? Um, and then you can kind of proceed and say, well, who might she be? And then in those cases, the students would come up with the reporter the spy, things like that. Um, so when students did you did get to this, you really noted students who kind of like when they had those long answers about like, she's a reporter, she is excited because not many people get in there. And I think she's a reporter that spy-like, you did a really good job at kind of making their understanding clear, by saying, you know, oh, yeah, you like us your inferences, and you thought about spy movies in real life. And so you could continue to ask questions in a feedback loop saying, you know, what, what makes you think that spy-like behavior? Or, you know, what in the text leads you to think she might be a spy, or, you know, you kind of continue asking those questions to make sure that the student's thinking is clear to other students. Sure. Um, and so if we have time to kind of practice one more example. So if you're asking how Lisa might be feeling if I'm a student, and I say, I think she's calm, because in paragraph 22, it says she's relaxed.

Teacher  4:25  
Um, is there a time that Lisa felt anywhere out of it, it felt like anything else in the text?

Coach  4:36  
Oh, earlier, she's feeling nervous and her palms are sweaty, or her hands are clammy. 

Teacher  4:42  
Mm hmm. 

Coach  4:43  
And so we would we could then use this to kind of be like, Okay, well earlier and that's talking about the lie detector results she's feeling... you could even say when it says she's relaxed, you could say, Okay, well, at what point in the story is she relaxed? Okay, I can see that that's after Pismo tells her she can come back the next day, not very the lie detector results are pointed. And so in this next round, you can I just want you like a really good job already with your feedback loops. I just want you to kind of take out that piece where you're telling students where to look and instead, give students the opportunity to find that in the text themselves. Okay, but most of your questioning was pretty on point. So keep it up. Already. Any other questions?

Teacher  5:26  
Wait, am I doing this again right now? 

Coach  5:27  
Yes, right now.

Teacher  5:28  
Oh, okay. did not realize okay, yep. All right.

Coach  5:33  
He's gonna turn off my camera. So it's literally just the same thing. Yep. But you'd only different like literally the exact same your students. Their minds are wiped. They don't know. They just did this. Great. Alright,

