Coach  0:00  
All righty, sorry, let me turn my camera on. Okay, how do you think that went, Teacher? 

Teacher  0:05  
Um, pretty well, I think.

Coach  0:08  
 Okay, I would agree with you. I would like to commend you, I think you did a really great job making, like asking students why making sure they were able to give you both like their response and some text evidence to back them up. Because it's really important that we give students the opportunity to use text evidence to support their answers, because that's just like a very foundational reading skill that we want them to have. But we also want to make sure that they're able to connect the question to the text and the explanation of that. Um, and similar to that you also did a really good job at when the students answer something incorrectly, you like, identify that it was incorrect. And you explained why that answer was incorrect. So you didn't just kind of glance over it and say, like, yeah, that's a good idea. Okay, maybe I'm like, kind of just go on to the next question. You addressed the misconception head-on. And to kind of piggyback off of that, though, I think that's something that we can work on together for round two is on what exactly we do to address the misconception. So in the responses, with Lisa being excited, and her being the student intern, you, you know, said, I like, okay, that's where you see that but if we keep reading further if we look into paragraph 20, that, like you kind of tell the students exactly where to look, and then explain why the answer is incorrect, and what we want to do is we want to kind of turn that into a feedback loop of questions that we can ask the students to have them do the work to clarify the misconception and figure out why their answer was incorrect. Does that make sense to you?

Teacher  1:41  
 Yeah. So I want to just be like, Oh, it's in paragraph 20? Should I say something like, oh, can you look back in the text and see, where they bring up the lie detector results? 

Coach  1:51  
That's exactly right. So, um, you know, the students, you know, the students going...Ethan so we start with him about being excited, you know, you ask for evidence, they go on and on about why One Thing is this cool place to work at. And I think the way you even started, it was strong with like, I'm sure that, like, she is excited to start her new job. And then we got to say, like, but this question is asking about the lie detector results, like, do you know, what part of the story that's in? And then maybe they'll like, look, or be like, you know, can you find that part of the story? And then they might like, start reading? And, you know, you could say like, so how do you think she's feeling that, but kind of point them in the right direction? Or ask them where they can find that information? And if a student's like floundering, and it goes on for minutes, and is like, well, I don't know, I don't know where that is, then you could say, in paragraph 20. Like, or why don't you read paragraph 20? For me, but to start, we can kind of just point them back to the question and say, you know, this question is asking about the lie detector results. Can you find that part in the story, and then that way, they have time to go look back, and then they can clarify their misconception? And you can, like, do you think still think she's feeling excited? Or is she may be feeling something different? But then that way, you're giving the opportunity for the students to do the work. 

Teacher  3:05  
Okay. 

Coach  3:06  
Um, so if we think about the new student intern question again. Um, so instead of saying, like, Yeah, but if we read further, we see that she had a cover like, what might you be able to kind of ask this time instead?

Teacher  3:19  
Um, I guess I could ask like: Did they say anything else about her like identity? Or

Coach  3:26  
You can just say, Yes, it does begin with you know, it that they're literally the very first question line statement. You're correct. But does it say anything else in the text that might make us think that that's not her identity, that there might be something deeper there. And then they might kind of dig through things. And they might either bring up the lie detector, or paragraph four, where it says, you know, will her cover be blown? But I just give them kind of the opportunity to go with the idea of like, oh, wait, it says in question one, but maybe I need to keep reading. Okay, so, we have time to do just a little bit of like, pretend outside of the simulation. So if we go back to question one with How's Lisa feeling? If I say, Okay, I raise my hand. I'm like, I think she's feeling calm. What might you say?

Teacher  4:13  
Um, I'm... so I guess, Oh, should I like, think through it with you? Or should I just respond? How I would respond? 

Coach  4:21  
You can just ask me why I think calm , so we can like pretend I'm a student. So how would you respond to me?

Teacher  4:27  
 Okay. Um, why do you think she's calm in the situation? Because in paragraph 22, it says, Lisa smiled and relaxed.

So she does relax at the end. And that's a good point to bring up. But does anything else happen before that? Like, could you find tell me where? What feeling she has during the lie sector results or do you remember where that was in the story? 

Coach  4:55  
Yeah. So then I... I'm out of student role now just for the purpose of time. But then I could go back and be like, Oh, right like...she was calm after he brought the lie detector results, you just reminded me I need to look before the lie detector results are brought up, and then a misunderstanding. So in this round two of the simulation which will be in about two seconds. Um, we will kind of just focus on asking questions, rather than just like explaining the whole thing for students. Okay. Is it still five minutes or is it longer again? Okay. Alrighty, so I'm going to give...do you have any other questions?

Teacher  5:32  
 Think I'm good. 

Coach  5:33  
All righty.

