Unknown Speaker  0:00  
I'm sorry, I should say and simulation to make that clear that we finished. So we're gonna spend five minutes now talking about how that went. Let me just set a timer and then I would like to know how you how you think it went?

Unknown Speaker  0:16  
I think it went okay. I think I tripped up over my words at first, and I maybe didn't. I'm worried I talked over them a little bit. I'm not sure. I think it could have gone better. Yeah, I'm not sure.

Unknown Speaker  0:28  
I think there were a couple maybe once or twice that you talked over her. But I think that's part of like the digital leg. So I'm gonna not worry about that, as you know, something that you as a teacher are going to do to some students. And then the tripping over your words. I mean, that's just, you know, it'll come with practice. So how about more substantively in terms of how you how well you think you supported students understanding of the text?

Unknown Speaker  0:52  
I think I was able to point them to the text. And when they understood, like, when they comprehended it, I felt like I was able to affirm that and like have them point exactly where they understood it. But I think that, especially when I don't remember who said it was saying that Lisa was excited about her lie detector. I think I could have explained it more clearly. I just am not exactly sure how to do that, if that makes sense. Like I think I understand that. Like there's a way to explain it better, but I'm not sure what that way is.

Unknown Speaker  1:24  
Yeah. So I want to say that I really appreciate your reflections because that's, that's exactly what I was thinking when I was observing you was first that you did a really wonderful job, making sure to ask every student about text evidence to get so they're not just giving you an answer, and you're like, okay, but you actually want them to justify it. So that's great. Keep doing that. But then the area that I think that we should work on next is this, what do you do when students give a response? That's not totally complete? I think, what mostly what you were doing was giving them an explanation? I mean, you asked, you did ask Ethan, like, could she be both at the same time, right? And then you were kind of explaining like, this is what I think and this is how I know. And I think we want the goal not to be like explaining, we don't want to tell students the right answer, but rather this idea of continuing to ask questions to help them sort of get there on their own. So that first question you asked him like, could she be both at the same time was a good start? But not quite the question doesn't quite give him enough help to figure it out on his own. It's more like, do you think it could be something else? And we kind of want to try to avoid that we want to give them more specific targeted questions. So for example, with Ethan, what you could say, would be a because I think he said something about it being in paragraph two, right? Yeah. But why? Why is paragraph two, like not a good place to look to respond to this question.

Unknown Speaker  2:50  
Um it talks about the like, logistics of her walking through the building, but it doesn't exactly touch on like her feelings. And it doesn't is not one that includes like her being nervous or anything about a reporter or anything like that. 

Unknown Speaker  3:05  
Well, what was the question? What's the discussion question again?

Unknown Speaker  3:07  
Oh, it was about the lie detectors. It's not just about her being in the building specific.

Unknown Speaker  3:11  
Yeah, yeah, exactly. So um, so what we need to do is pinpoint, like, where do we think the misunderstanding is coming from, which is why asking for text evidence is so helpful, because you can figure out like, why are they even thinking this? And then try to help them see or get past that. And so in this case, I would say something even like, that's great yeah in paragraph two, but does it talk about the lie detector results in paragraph two? And he should be able to say, No, it doesn't. And then you can say, Okay, well, where in the text does it talk about lie detector results? And then if he can find it, great. If he can't find it, you can say, Okay, let's look at this paragraph where it does talk about lie detector results. And now, how do you think she feels? Does that makes sense? 

Unknown Speaker  3:12  
Yeah. No, that's helpful. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  3:53  
Okay. Great, great. So how might you do that in the case of of Ava, when she says that the the new student intern that Lisa is the new student intern?

Unknown Speaker  4:07  
Can I do a similar thing and ask her where in the text she sees that she's the student intern and then also furthermore ask her if she like, can I point her to specifically the paragraph where it talks about when thing not allowing press and have her read that or is that giving it to her rather than having her find it herself?

Unknown Speaker  4:31  
Um, so the the press part would tell her like that, that Lisa might be a reporter right? But it doesn't help her understand why Lisa is not the student intern. So what piece of evidence might you go to to help her like be convinced that this intern thing is actually fake?

Unknown Speaker  4:49  
Um, I, oh, I could go to paragraph 22, when Pismo believes the lie detector believes the fasle lie detector results that the intern there is that not specifically. I'm sorry, I think I

Unknown Speaker  5:07  
know that's okay. This is this is just demonstrating how, how important it is, and helpful as a teacher and I'm sure you did this. I'm not saying you didn't do it, but to really like spend time with a text so that you're able to pull these things. So unfortunately, that was the timer for the end of my presentation. But I can give you a minute or two before we start to like collect your thoughts if you want to take a look back at the text before we start, but thank you so much for participating in the conversation with me and I'm, I'm excited to see you sort of play around with how to support students when they have a misunderstanding.

Unknown Speaker  5:40  
Okay, I'm gonna read to it for just a second. Yeah, absolutely.

Unknown Speaker  5:43  
Just let me know when you're ready. I will.

