Coach  0:00  
Hey Teacher! 

Teacher  0:02  
Hi!

Coach  0:02  
So how was that? 

Teacher  0:05  
Oh, it was good, but it went fast this time.

Coach  0:08  
Okay, good. That's a good sign. 

Teacher  0:10  
Okay. 

Coach  0:12  
I wanted to start off by pointing off something that you did really well. And that was probing students for textual evidence pushing them so that you can make their thinking. In the beginning, where Lisa, you said, when Lisa, when Jasmine told you that Lisa was feeling nervous, the first thing that you said, "can you direct me to where in the text you got that?" Like, great job, and even when students got the answer wrong, like Ethan said, I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job. You still probed him for textual evidence, where do you think he got that from? Okay, so great job probing them for textual evidence and keep doing that they want to work on is what do we do when students give us the wrong answer? When they give us the wrong answer? And how I want to answer that or show you is, I want to model it for you. And to model it, I'm going to drop my model into the chat so that you can follow along with me. Okay, so if a student give you the wrong answer, like when Ethan said, I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job. The first thing that I'm going to do is are going to thank Ethan, for sharing, I'm going to say "thank you for sharing,Ethan!" Using evidence from the text. Tell me why you think this. This is what you're doing probing for textual evidence. First thing is probe. Tell me tell me why you think, in the text, use textual evidence. The next thing that I'm going to do, because Ethan's probably going to give you the wrong textual evidence, if he gave you the wrong claim, he's probably going to give evidence that's aligned to a claim that's incorrect. So I'm going to say, is there evidence in the text that tells us... that might tell us something different? Is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different? This gives Ethan a second chance to go back into the text and find textual evidence that's going to support that's going to support a different answer. If that is not enough of a scaffold for Ethan and he needs additional support, I'll then guide him to through the text by saying, read paragraph four. What might we learn from Lisa? Or what do we learn from Lisa in paragraph four? Okay, and that just gives them another level of scaffold. So the purpose is that you're working with the student to probe them to give you the correct answer. Why might this be done? Make sense? Okay, so why might this be better?

Teacher  3:22  
Why might this be better?

Coach  3:25  
...this model be better.

Teacher  3:27  
I think it kind of allows the allows like the student to think deeper rather than just kind of surface level thinking. Yeah, like you said, using evidence in the text kind of allows them to nitpick, like certain words, rather than just the overall picture, but like, words that describe how the author describe the character and how they like the author is trying to direct students to think or the readers to think, what about a certain character makes that person, that person in the story, and I think that's really good to supply that for students, and especially kind of, if they're still having trouble doing, finding that we can kind of give them an overall hint of saying, Oh, how about around paragraph four? Like, after you read it, like what did you learn about Lisa now like that, and having the student kind of think of their own way instead of after giving them a gentle push?

Coach  4:24  
Okay, so let's practice. Let's practice this.I'm going to be the teacher and you're going to ask me how does Lisa most likely feeling Pismo brings up the lie detector results and I'm going to be the student.

Teacher  4:40  
Okay. So how does Lisa most likely feel when Pismo brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  4:48  
I think Lisa is calm.

Teacher  4:51  
Do you think Lisa is calm and why...thank you for sharing though. But what do you think using from the text that made you to think that she's just calm.

Coach  5:01  
Well, in paragraph 22 its says she smiled and relaxed. Mm hmm.

Ethan  5:11  
Just based on that, it says he has believed that the falsified lie detector results. And the main premise of that is kind of directing us to think that the lie detector results her nervousness is like the main point. So could I actually direct you towards paragraph four? Could you read paragraph four? 

Coach  5:33  
Remember to give me a push. So send me back into the text a second time.

Teacher  5:38  
To give you a push to send..

Coach  5:39  
Yeah. So the push is to send me back into the text a second time. You would say...

Teacher  5:47  
Oh, is there evidence in the textbook that might support that? Right. There. Okay.

Coach  5:54  
So go ahead and practicing saying that.

Teacher  5:56  
Okay. Is there evidence in the text that might tell you something else? Something different about Lisa?

Coach  6:04  
Oh, in 20, it says her heart was beating so loudly. Yes. So maybe she was scared or nervous? Mm hmm.

Teacher  6:15  
That's really good. I really liked how you were able to find that. And I think that description actually really ties into more of her nervousness and her thoughts about the lie detector results rather than it's just being calm.

Coach  6:34  
And so we're going to practice again. But when you practice the second time, remember to press questions that allow students to think, Okay, so remember to follow the script and to practice it. So we're going to get a chance to we're going to start the simulation from the beginning. So do you have any questions before we begin? Okay.

Teacher  7:08  
And is it so okay, that oh, sorry. So is it okay, if I stop around the second question, because I didn't even get to the third question. Do you want me to start with the third question or go back to the beginning?

Coach  7:19  
Go back to the beginning. It's totally okay if you don't get to the third question.

