Teacher  0:00  
Sorry, I wasn't looking at the time.

Coach  0:02  
Oh, no. No, no, I ended it then! You're good. Um, alright, so how do you think that went, Teacher?

Teacher  0:07  
I cannot see you. It is black. My screen is black. 

Coach  0:11  
Really? Do you see me now?

Teacher  0:28  
*Laughing* No. 

Coach  0:44  
*Coach and Teacher discuss potential technology solutions*

Okay, excellent. Thank goodness. Okay, well, I'm gonna start our new five minute timer now, then. Okay, so no worries about time, by the way. Um, so I really wanted to applaud you on two things. One, you, like, I like your energy and level of enthusiasm. I feel like you, like, were talking to the students in a very, like, real way in both, like, encouraging and fixing things, and just like your overall demeanor was great.

Teacher  1:44  
Thank you.

Coach  1:44  
 But particularly, to like instruction you, like, consistently went back to the text too, and you were like, you know, you kind of put that little tidbit in like, "I'm gonna find it where it's in the text."

Teacher  1:53  
I'm sorry, I couldn't find it immediately where it was!

Coach  1:56  
That happens! It's very real-world. Like, we're not always prepared for what this- Like, we don't always, you know, have exactly an encyclopedia memory, but that happens. And so, like, you asked the students about the text, you refer back to the text as a teacher. And so that's really important that we're really, like, honing in on like, our answers come from a place that is clear defined. So that's really important. And the one thing that I think that we can work on for round two, is when those students have the misconceptions, to ask them questions to clarify the misconceptions that just puts a little bit more of the work in their hands, versus us telling them where the answer is. Does that make sense?

Teacher  2:34  
Can you, can you...? 

Coach  2:36  
Yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Teacher  2:36  
 I kinda get what you're saying? Just, I'm sorry.

Coach  2:38  
Oh, no, that's really fine. So, for example, when Ethan says that he thinks that Lisa's excited, then, like, he goes on and on about One Thing, and you responded, like, "I could see where she would maybe feel excited, but the word we're looking for is nervous." So, um, the first part of that is fine, you know, "I can see where someone might be excited to work there," but rather than tell the student that we're looking for nervous, we can kind of like redirect him to what the questions asking. So you know, Ethan goes on and on about how One Thing is super cool, and you can be like, "Oh, I could see how someone would be excited to work at a place like One Thing, but we want to know how Lisa's feeling when his Pizmo brings up the lie detector results. Can you find that part in the story?" And then-

Teacher  2:44  
That's perfect, yeah. 

Coach  2:47  
-the students are kind of given the opportunity to look through the text and do a little bit of the work themselves so that we don't do all the work for them. 

Teacher  3:32  
Okay. That makes total sense.

Coach  3:34  
And so, you know, and then they can be like, "Oh, yeah. Like, the lie detector," and find paragraph, you know, 20, where her heart is tightening so loudly in her chest, and then you can go on exactly and be like, "Yeah, when I hear heart pounding, the first thing I think of is nervous," because you responded like that with Jasmine and that was an appropriate response there. But we just want to give Ethan the opportunity to find that in the text, too. 

Teacher  3:59  
Okay, that makes total sense. Thank you.

Coach  4:01  
And so, kind of similar, Ava also has the misconception that she's the student intern. Um, and you were like, "Yeah, so it does tell us that she's the intern. That's true. But later on, that's not- We see, that's not who she really is." And then you went back in the text to find it. And you could say the first part again, the same. "Yeah, that's true. It does tell us she's the new student intern, but later on, we see she's not who she really is." And then ask, "Do you remember anything from the text that makes us think she's not who she really is?" And kind of give them the opportunity to find that paragraph instead of you telling them that it's there. Does that make sense? 

Teacher  4:41  
Yes. 

Coach  4:42  
So like you, you like explained the whole reason why it was wrong, and we just kind of want to, like, stop it and ask them a question that makes them look to find that. 

Teacher  4:47  
Nice...

Coach  4:56  
So, um, we- Do you have a question?

Teacher  5:00  
No, I was typing what I- what I was... Sorry.

Coach  5:03  
Oh, no, no, no, you're fine. I have to type everything down, too. Um, so if I... We kind of like have a little opportunity to practice. So we go back to, like, the how is Lisa feeling question? I'm a student, so I raised my hand. And I say, "I think she's feeling calm because in paragraph 22, it says that she smiled and relaxed."

Teacher  5:27  
Okay, and I would respond to... That's a- Can I still compliment them by saying that's a great inference, or...? 

Coach  5:35  
Oh, you can be like, you know, I'm glad you refered to the text. 

Teacher  5:39  
Okay. I'm glad you refered to the text, but the paragraph that we're looking at is paragraph 20, I believe. He said-

Coach  5:46  
We want to, we want to give them the opportunity to find that paragraph on their own. 

Teacher  5:50  
Okay. So not looking at that paragraph. 

Coach  5:53  
Yeah, you can be like, "We're not looking at that paragraph." That's exactly right. Like that, you can say, you know, "We're not looking at quite at that paragraph. You know, that's after Pizmo brought up the lie detector results." 

Teacher  6:03  
Okay. 

Coach  6:03  
You want to know before. 

Teacher  6:05  
Before, okay.

Coach  6:07  
 And so that kind of is exactly right. And even if you're like, "But we want..." Even if you were to say like, "We want to look at paragraph 20," like, give them the opportunity to read it. And if that comes out naturally, don't, like, freak out about it. It's okay. Um, just give them the opportunity, like, what does that- Like, "What does that paragraph tell us about how she's feeling?" And kind of give them the opportunity to then go back, read it, and make the change themselves. Alright, do you have any other questions? 

Teacher  6:37  
No.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
