Coach  0:00  
How did you feel about that Teacher? 

Teacher  0:02  
I felt okay. 

Coach  0:03  
What did you think? Maybe what what made you maybe feel okay about it? 

Teacher  0:08  
Um, I feel like I did try to give every student a chance to speak. And I did refer back to the text. I just wish I had some of those placeholders that I thought I knew, but I guess I didn't.

Coach  0:19  
Absolutely. So I definitely would agree with you, I think you refer back to the text a lot, which is really important, because we want students to know that their answers can be found in the text. And that part of being a good reader is potentially using those inferences, like the spy in the reporter question. But then also being able to go back in the text, find your evidence, and, like connect the text. So you did a really good job you asked consistantly where they found something in the text. Oh, and sorry, my timer. bad at that. Um, but I, what I think I work with you on is, um, to ensure that when students do have misconceptions that we like guide those them to those misconceptions, rather than just kind of model how we would think about it, we want to like scaffold it in a way that supports students in uncovering the misconceptions themselves. So there are a couple misconceptions that students have, were you able to identify any? 

Teacher  1:21  
Not all of them. I'm trying to think about what they said. 

Coach  1:29  
I definitely noticed you had some and just for purposes of time, I'll not you had misconceptions, you were able to identify the misconceptions. So first, when we asked the first question how Lisa feeling when Pismo brings up the lie detector test. Um, the first student says, you know, she's nervous, and you ask for evidence, and you verify that that's the appropriate answer. And then the next student, Ethan, he says that he's that she's excited, and you ask for the evidence, and you say, that's a possible answer. Um, but we want to make sure that we kind of guide the student to recognize that, while it is possible, it's not quite what we're looking for here. So we want to let the student know that they can look, they should look back at the question, because this question is not just asking how Lisa feels about being at this big New York City Company. The questions asked me about how she feels when Pismo brings up the lie detector results. So even by just restating the question here, the student is prompted to look in a different part of the text for the answer. Okay. And so do you see how that's kind of different than just saying like, Oh, that's a possible answer, maybe shifting it to okay, well, someone might be excited about working in this building. But we want to know how Lisa feels about the lie detector results, or when the lie detector results are brought up. So it kind of pivots the students thinking from, like, just generally about being a cool place to work to leeson this exact situation. Um, and then the second misconception is with the student intern, and I think that you did a little bit better, you did a better job here saying like, well, you know, you kind of you gave the answer away almost by saying, Lisa, you know, there's something in the text that tells us that loses line and there's something in the text that tells us that her cover might be blown. And so rather than give that information to students, we want to ask them for that information. You understand the difference? 

Teacher  3:25  
That makes sense? I'm wondering, so with that, what I want to guide them, so I was trying to find the right spot, and I'm not exactly sure. Okay. I see it now.  

Coach  3:34  
I've done this a couple times. Um, so we could say you could kind of go in two different directions with this. You do more of the lifting by telling students, can you read paragraph four, but sometimes that might be necessary. But you could start just by saying, you know, it does tell us in paragraph one, she's the student intern, but is there someplace else in the text that tells you she might not be the student intern? And that way, you're kind of guiding them to look through the text. And if after a little while a student doesn't come up with it, you could be like, Why don't you read paragraph four, but you're first starting with it a little bit broader so that the student can look through the text to find it themselves? 

Teacher  4:12  
That makes sense. 

Coach  4:13  
Um, so if a student um, if we think back to question one, and how is Lisa feeling if I'm the student, and I raise my hand and I say, I think she's calm? What might you say to me in response? 

Teacher  4:29  
I would say, Well, with that, should I even ask them where they tried to find that or? Yeah, because they might be rooted in some sort of textual evidence. So I'd say like, we know, where did you find that in the text? 

Coach  4:42  
And I'd say in paragraph 22, it says that Lisa is feeling relaxed.

Teacher  4:48  
22 Um, I would kind of reference how well that's after we find out that the lie detector is yeah, that she's safe, right? But before that when he presents a lie detector, how does she feel? 

Coach  5:03  
And then that would prompt me to then go look in the text and be like, Oh, her hands are clammy her heart's pounding me. She lied. Oops, Um versus just feeling certain that it's afterwards and it's okay. So that was a great way to say, you know, that's after we're looking before. Um so in this second round that five minutes was so fast. We're just gonna focus on prompting students to look for evidence in the text rather than necessarily giving them that evidence. Sounds good? 

Teacher  5:30  
Sounds good. 

Coach  5:31  
All right. Do you have any other questions?

Teacher  5:33  
 I think I'm okay. 

Coach  5:34  
Okay, awesome. Well, we will

