Coach  0:00  
Alright, Daniella, how did you think that went?

Teacher  0:03  
I think it was okay. I like not too bad. But not like, we definitely didn't get through all the questions, but I feel like I don't know. Like, as I was going, I was like, I'd rather they have a better understand like a deeper understanding of what they're doing rather than like, just like a surface level, but like touching all the points, but

Coach  0:26  
And I think that was clear. You, you really engage your students in this discussion and continue to like, ask them for text evidence and ask them why they were thinking something, and not just gloss over things, or when students had misconceptions, you address them, which is really important, because we want to make sure that when students do things, well, we, you know, provide them feedback on that. But also, when students do something that's not great or wrong. In this case, we want to make sure that they're able to fix that thinking and not continue moving forward. So I do want to applaud you on that. 

And, but I also think that that's something where we can grow a little bit too, and kind of take it to the next level. So umm in when Ethan says that Lisa is excited about her new job. You asked for the text evidence, which was great. And then he gave text evidence. And then you, you clarified his misunderstanding for him by saying, you know, I definitely see where you think that but let's look at line number four. So you kind of pointed him directly to the text where he should look. And once we want to kind of move it forward by asking the students to look in the text. And so instead of telling them where to look and telling them why it's wrong, we want to also question them in a way to where they are able to do the work, look in the text and revise their own thinking before. Exactly telling them what the answer is. And that way, like our questioning can guide them and they're working on their text evidence skills-- I forgot to start my timer um, and that way, um, the students are able to do the thinking on their own. Does that make sense?

Teacher  2:09  
Yeah, that's something I was thinking is like, also with like, the age group, like, I wasn't really sure how much like to expect of them. Whereas if it was like a middle school classroom, I would rather like be less in the discussion and like, less than that facilitator role and just kind of like, sit back and watch them, like, don't get through with each other. But then it's like with the elementary level, and like, using text is still kind of a newer thing. So I'm like, I don't know how much to like, show rather than, until, rather than show or Yeah,

Coach  2:40  
And your questions can still be pretty, like pointed and scaffolded. And by this point, I think the students definitely have experience with that sort of idea. Um, and most of this is still pretty found directly in the text. So instead of telling Ethan, you know, I looked in paragraph four, at this point, you know, it says, Oh, her cover's really blown, we could simply ask Ethan you know, Ethanyou described how someone might be feeling when they first get to the new job. But this question is asking us how Lisa feels, when Pismo brings up the lie detector results, can you go back to that part in the text, and then you know, he might look through the text and be like, Oh, the lie detector, I forgot about that. Look back in the text, find where it says her hands are clammy, or her heart is pounding or something along those lines. 

Teacher  3:32  
Mm hmm.

Coach  3:33  
 Um, and then, similar to when Ava says, She's the new student intern, we can kind of clarify that misconception by saying, you know, okay, it does tell us and I think what you were kind of saying was really, like you started off on a really strong foot with, you know, well, the author tells us that she's the new student intern to begin, but there's other parts of the text that make us think she's not the student in turn, can you find any of those, um, and then they might refer back to paragraph four, themselves, like her cover was all a lie, or even later with the lie detector results like that. She falsified the results, what might she falsified? Um, and so just kind of by asking, either the students like, refer back to the question itself, like, in the case of the first question, by saying, What's this question talking about? Let's find that in the story, or by saying, you know, that is true, it does say that paragraph one, but if we keep reading, does the author share anything that might make us think differently? And so just kind of asking those questions, and we can point them in the right direction. And sometimes students might look for two minutes and be like, No, I don't know. And in that case, it would have been appropriate to be like, let's look at paragraph four. Can you read that for me? But, um, you know, most of the time they might be able to look through a short text like this and pretty quickly find what it is they're looking for. Does that is that kind of clear to you? 

Teacher  5:02  
Yeah that sounds good

Coach  5:04  
So if you were to ask me that first question, how's Lisa feeling? And I say, I think she's feeling calm. Because it says in paragraph 22, that she's relaxed. What might you say to me then?

Teacher  5:18  
Um, I would say like, I think, Wait, you said, 22?

Coach  5:26  
22 I said she's calm and it says she's relaxed. 

Teacher  5:29  
Oh, yeah. Lisa, smiled and relax. Um, I would say, maybe like, what was happening that led up to that moment?

Coach  5:37  
Yeah. And like, oh, well, that's, you know, she's calm because he believes the lie detector results, then you'd be like, well, right. And that's, this question is asking us what happened before he read the lie detector, you know what's happening, or he brought it up, and then I can walk up and be like, Oh, alright, so I think our five minutes is up. So I think just moving forward, I just want you to practice on asking those questions to alleviate their misconceptions rather than telling them Yeah, okay. Yeah. All right. You ready?

