Coach  0:03  
Alright, so how did that go for you? How did it feel?

Teacher  0:06  
I think it went well, I didn't go fast enough to get to the third one, obviously. But

Coach  0:11  
yeah, don't worry about that at all. But something that I wanted to start off with and tell you that you did really well, was probing for students and textual evidence, probably students with textual evidence. In the beginning, Lisa, Jasmine said, Lisa was feeling nervous. And your response to her was, why do you think Lisa was feeling nervous? And I said, great follow up to probe her to go and use actual evidence. You do it again with Ethan, when he says he gives you a wrong answer. And you do it again with Ava when she gives you a wrong answer. So great job continuing to ask them why and probing for textual evidence. 

Teacher  0:58  
Thank you.

Coach  0:58  
Something that I want to work on. Something that I want to work on is I noticed that when students were giving the wrong answers, you would give them feedback based on whether like they got like the answer, right? Or like, giving them the right answer, you give them the answer, essentially. And what I want to work on today is how do we ask them questions and give them support, so that they get to the right answer? Okay, so we are going to be working on scaffolding for, for scaffolding for student supports. And how we're going to do this is I'm going to model to you what I would do when a student gives me the wrong answer. And first thing, I'm going to model, I'm going to put my model in the chat for you...

Teacher  1:50  
Okay

Coach  1:51  
...so that you're able to follow along.

So, Ethan tells me, I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job. I know that that's an incorrect answer. But I'm going to say thank you for sharing, Ethan. Using evidence from the texts, tell me why you think thi. Ethan is probably going to give me evidence that's not aligned, or evidence that only aligned with his incorrect answer. And that's okay. I want him to practice giving the textual evidence like, so that's a good thing I want like he gave me logical evidence. But I'm going to give him another chance to do this and find correct answer. So I'm going to say, is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different? And this will cue to Ethan that his original answer was wrong and he needs to look back on the text and see if he can find another answer. If that's not enough of a scaffold for Ethan, if he's still struggling, then I'm going to say read paragraph four. What do we learn about Lisa? So I'm going to guide them to the evidence if he's struggling to find things. The goal here is to ask them questions so that they get to answer. So why might this be better?

Teacher  3:26  
I think that this is better, because then, like it's letting them problem solve on their own and not just filling in the blanks. It teaches them like gives them more practice with finding the answer.

Coach  3:39  
Yeah. So let's practice, you're going to be the teacher and I'm going to be the student. You're going to ask me, how does the some most likely feeling when Pismo brings up the lie detector result? And I am going to be the student.

Teacher  3:59  
Awesome. How does most like how does Lisa most likely feel when Pismo brings her lie detector results?

Coach  4:09  
I think Lisa is feeling calm.

Teacher  4:14  
Thanks for sharing that. I'm using evidence from the text. Can you tell me why you think that Lisa feels calm?

Coach  4:21  
Well, in paragraph 22 It says she smiled and relaxed.

Teacher  4:31  
Interesting. Is your evidence in the text somewhere else that might tell us something different?

Coach  4:38  
Well, earlier in the text in Paragraph 20 it says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest. So maybe she was scared or nervous.

Teacher  4:53  
Yeah, so since the question is asking about the time when Pismo brought up her lie detector results that is around her paragraph 20, which you found, so she was feeling scared or nervous at that time.

Coach  5:06  
And great job using the script and following through the own thing that I just I want to relieve you. You don't have to provide an answer. Like the students will come to the correct answers and you don't have to, like, when they give you answer, you don't have to tell them whether or not it's right or wrong. But you're going to practice again. And you're going to get a second chance to do the simulation from the beginning. Do you have any questions before we start? No. Okay,

