Unknown Speaker  0:00  
Thank you so much for, for completing that first simulation, we're gonna spend five minutes. And I just realized I put my phone away when I actually needed to time, something. So I apologize. And we're going to spend five minutes just talking about how it went. And I'll give you some feedback. So I would love to hear from you first, what your reflections are about how it went?

Unknown Speaker  0:21  
Um, well, I guess like, when I did like the first time, well, for what the last one I didn't like when they had like, some answers, I definitely not respond to some of them. Like, or it'll be like, the answer wasn't exactly what I expected. So I was just kind of be like, Yeah, that's a great answer. And I didn't really know how to, like, turn it around without like, saying, like, no, that's not really it, but also not just being like, yeah, that's great, you know. But, yeah, that's mostly what I didn't really know how to like, deal with kind of.

Unknown Speaker  0:59  
So I think he did a pretty good job with that. But I first gonna say you did a really great job asking students to provide text evidence. So keep doing that. And then in terms of responding to students who where the answer is not quite right. You're I think you did a really, really great job with Ethan. So I would say I think that that that kind of model where you're asking him, okay, well, how do you know that? And then when you realize what, what is missing, and what he's thinking you were able to then ask another question to fix it. So it would be great if you could try doing that same kind of pattern with Ava when she says about the new student intern, ask her about her evidence and try to figure out what it is that she's not quite getting before you move on to other students. Okay. Does that make sense? 

Unknown Speaker  1:49  
Yeah, that does, yeah. 

Unknown Speaker  1:50  
Okay. So I really think you did a great job with, with Ethan. And so that's just a small tweak that I think that you'll be able to figure out really quickly. So I want to give you a one additional suggestion to play with just because that's such a sort of small one that I think you'll be able to do. Which is not it, this is not like something you did wrong. It's just something additional that you can sort of experiment with, which is giving some more positive feedback to students after they give their answers. You mentioned that Jasmine was like making an inference, which was great that you were connecting what she was doing about the text evidence, and I just want you to push you to every time you get an answer from a student, whether the answer is right or wrong, kind of before you move on to the next student, give them some piece of positive feedback, like you did a really great job using, you know, text evidence, or you made an inference, which was great or you know, explained your reasoning really clearly with any any sort of, you know, academic behavior that you that you think is worth praising. But then make sure that you also give the reason that it's a good thing. So you know why it was great that you use text evidence, because, you know, text evidence is how we know, like, how do we understand this, this text or something like that. And the reason for doing that is so that you're highlighting for the student that you're praising, but also the other students, the process that you value that you want them to do as a student. And it's also of course, encouraging for students to get positive feedback. But instead of just being like you did a great job or you're so smart, right? We want to want to praise the process that they're going through, and then other students will also understand, okay, these are the kinds of things that I need to do to do well, in this material. Does that make sense? 

Unknown Speaker  3:33  
Yeah, that's yeah. 

Unknown Speaker  3:35  
Okay, great. Um, so, I'm going to ask you to sort of make sense for yourself, how would you summarize for, for yourself? Like, what, why is it important to provide positive feedback and rationale for students?

Unknown Speaker  3:50  
Um, so like, after students give an answer, it's just like positive feedback. It's kind of more like encouraging for them to just participate. And also, in general, like, if you provide the reasoning behind it, they know why they're getting praise, instead of just like, Oh, good job, and they know why and they'll keep doing it, and then also encourages the other students like, okay, like, so and so, like, said to answer and maybe I should start looking for text evidence too and not just like not just like, on a surface level, but like, a good job doing this and that because it'll help you with x, y & z.

Unknown Speaker  4:29  
Yeah, yeah, exactly. So before I send you back into the simulation, I'm going to pretend to be a student so that you can sort of try out giving some positive feedback and rationale to me. So I want you to imagine that I am. Let's, let's imagine that I'm Ethan. So you've brought me all the way through, you've corrected my answer. And so now I've said, Oh, yes, the lie detector results. I see. She was nervous because blah, blah, blah.

Unknown Speaker  5:00  
I don't think so like this is after he's like, oh, like, I see like where it was like, yeah, exactly. So I'll just be like, um, I don't know where to start. I feel like um, yeah, good job, Ethan like, looking at the question and, like understanding like, what's asking, um, and just good job going back into the text and figuring out what part you forgot. And like, just realizing we could add on to it to realize like the answer, how to change it up like that.

Unknown Speaker  5:38  
Yeah, no, these are all great things to praise, I think because because you were trying to think of all the things you could say you didn't get a chance to explain the rationale for it. But that is one of the challenges of this, like this thing is, it's like you have to decide what it is that it's worth praising on in the moment because you don't know what students are going to do. So when you go back into the simulation, that will be a good chance to, you know, sort of experiment with it. So I'm excited to see you try. That is the end of our little coaching session. So we're going to do the same simulation over again from the from the beginning. So it'll be the same discussion questions in the same text, and it'll still be five minutes. So if you just want to let me know when you're ready, you're welcome to take a minute or two to like, you know, reset yourself to be ready to go and then just let me know.

Unknown Speaker  6:25  
I think I'm ready.

