Teacher  0:00  
Sorry

Coach  0:01  
Oh, yeah, no worries. So what did you think of that TEACHER?

Teacher  0:05  
Um, it was good. I, it was a little smoother. I think the last time we kind of did this, it was more of a kind of managing behavior type deal. So I felt a little more comfortable in this one, I guess.

Coach  0:22  
Good, I definitely think that there were a lot of really strong elements to your feedback, and your, especially with helping students with their misunderstandings, you every time a student said something that was not correct you, you know, asked them another question. You redirected them to the question specifically. So for Ethan, for example, when you said, you know, she might be feeling excited, but this is asking about the lie detector results. He then was able to go back in the text and find that himself. And then same with Savannah, when or not Savannah. Whoever said she's the new student intern, Ava. With Ava, you know, she says, she's the new student intern, and you say, you know, but the text is asking us who she really might be. And then she was like, oh, I thought she was a student intern. And you said, well, let's go look in the text to see where she might not be. So you do a really great job at scaffolding their misunderstandings, with questions for feedback. And I think that we can kind of continue to ask questions in a feedback loop even when students are also correct. You, you did a really good job at providing feedback to the students when they were practicing. Like, I like how you looked at the text. I like how you found your answer. But I think that we can continue to ask those students question questions so that we can make their thinking more clear. Yeah. So for example, when Jasmine says that Lisa's feeling nervous, you asked her why, which is appropriate, and she referred to the text and said her heart was pounding. And then you responded with, yeah, when your heart starts to beat really fast, you might feel uneasy or feel excited. And that's something that we could look for asking Jasmine to tell us. So like, continuing to ask for those questions. So like, what does it mean when your heart pounds? And that way, we're kind of continuing to ask those questions to make her thinking clearer, as well as encourage the other students to think about it too. But then you can kind of continue on with after you ask that question with exactly like, I like how you, you know, read the text, and were able to see that, that that's something that makes you feel nervous, like you, you told me where in the text, you know, continue giving that descriptive feedback. But just rather than giving all of the descriptive feedback, ask them for some of it as well.

Teacher  2:43  
Yeah, that makes a lot sense.

Coach  2:44  
So what about with the question about like, the reporter, for example, Savannah gives a lot of information about why she thinks she's the reporter. She's like, you know, he's secretive, he doesn't want to talk to the press. What could you maybe ask Savannah to maybe even ask her? Kind of make her thinking more clear here?

Teacher  3:10  
Yeah, um, maybe something along the lines of, you know, why? You know, I kind of agreed with her her reasoning, but maybe why in this specific example, like, why why might there be so much sort of secrecy? Or why this, Lisa, have to go through so many sort of secretive measures and all this stuff?

Coach  3:40  
Yeah. And just continuing to make those text connections with with that question, in particular, they give a lot of evidence about why they think they're a reporter and why they think they're a spy. So it might be a little harder to think of those questions that you could ask, but especially in the beginning with, you know, feeling nervous or hearts pounding, kind of probing for well, what is your heart pounding mean? Or like, they might, you know, their clammy hands are clammy? Like, why do your hands get clammy? Has that ever happened to you before, but to just kind of help make those text to self connections, and kind of probe for how they know that's a signal that she's feeling nervous. Um, but you had a lot of things that were spot on with your questioning, and then you're following up with students since they gave you so just when we continue to do this in about 20 seconds, just kind of continue to think about when you're giving that feedback, is it something that the student made clear, or something that you're noticing is that you're kind of adding on to it? Does that make sense? 

Teacher  4:44  
Yeah, yeah. 

Coach  4:45  
Okay. It is sometimes a little blurry because we sometimes always know these, we want to give the descriptive feedback and thank them for pointing these things out. But we also want to make sure that they're making the connections themselves. All right, well, if you are ready for round two we can go ahead and begin. Alright

