Coach  0:01  
Hey, so how did that go for you?

Teacher  0:03  
Good. I love doing these simulators.

Coach  0:07  
Do you? You seemed like you were having a lot of fun.

Teacher  0:10  
*Laughs*

Coach  0:12  
 Okay, so one thing that I really enjoyed about watching you was, I can tell that you were really trying to build a relationship with students, and your tone, your vibe was just, it was very warm and exciting, and I know that you were having a lot of fun. And when teachers have a lot of fun, it incentivizes the students to have fun.

Teacher  0:35  
Oh, for sure.

Coach  0:38  
Great job there. Today, what I want to work on is, I really want to ground you in the purpose of giving feedback to students from their remarks. What we're looking for each student to do is we're looking for them to, like, give you a claim. So like a claim is, "I'm nervous." We're looking for you, them to give you textual evidence, and we're looking for them to give us a warrant. But today, we're going to work on the first one, which is like giving them textual evidence. We really want students to give us textual evidence when they're... So that we can see their thinking, and so that their thinking to be clearer to us. And it's a skill that students need to develop, and that they're going to have to use when it comes to reading their language. Okay? 

Teacher  1:30  
Okay.

Coach  1:31  
So why do you think it's important for students to have more than just a claim? Why is a claim not enough? Why is textual evidence important?

Teacher  1:41  
I would say to find out more about their answer, because I know... Because nervous, yes, but why. And that's why I asked the student -- I forget who it was, I think it was Jasmine or someone -- and I said, "Yeah, her heart was pounding, and that does indicate nervousness." So she went back into the text and found out that evidence. And then the other two said something about, I forget, she was excited. And I said, "Oh," and I picked out from like real life, things like during the presentation, you get nervous and that's that. But sometimes, you do get excited and your heart does pound and it mimics that. But in the context, it was nervousness.

Coach  2:28  
Yeah. So I did see that in your notes, you agreed with the student. Like you really want to- You spent a lot of time wanting to connect with the students, and then asked, "Why do you think she's... Why do you think she's nervous?" That question is where you want to start. You want to make sure that the students are doing the thinking and the connecting, right? Because you're spending, you're spending a lot of time doing the thinking and connecting for the students. You actually want them to be doing that thinking and connecting. So first thing that you want to be asking students, and I'm going to model this for you, is... Let me pull this up, I'm going to put it in the chat for you so that you can follow along as well. So the first thing that you want to do is, if the student asked me... If a student said, "Lisa's feeling nervous, right?" Jasmine gave you that answer. So instead of... Instead of like wanting to connect and telling her that she's right, her to give me more details. So I'm going to say, "Thank you, but using textual evidence, tell me how you know this." Or, I'm going to say, "Great, can you tell me where in the text supports your answer?" Notice that I'm not telling her that she's correct. Because everybody thinking about this, right? And I don't want to give them the answer too soon. So let's, let's practice it. 

Teacher  4:09  
Okay.

Coach  4:11  
So you're going to be the teacher, and you're going to ask me, "How is Lisa most likely feeling when Lisa- When Pizmo brings up the lie detector results?" And I'm gonna be the student and I'm gonna respond. 

Teacher  4:25  
Alright, so how does Lisa most likely feel when Pizmo brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  4:34  
Oh, I think Lisa is feeling nervous.

Teacher  4:40  
Okay, thank you, Jasmine. But using text evidence, can you tell me how you know this? How do you know Lisa is feeling nervous?

Coach  4:51  
Oh, I know that Lisa's feeling nervous because in paragraph four, it says, "Lisa could feel herself growing nervous as they neared Lab 302." So that tells me that she was nervous at her office.

Teacher  5:08  
Good job, Jasmine. I like how you used text evidence to find that answer and talk about it more clearly.

Coach  5:18  
And so, for the next time, I want you to continue doing that. Letting them probe for textual evidence, letting them do the thinking and the working before you give them the answer. Let everybody do the thinking and the working before you give them the answer. Okay? So let's jump into simulation, the next simulation. So now you're going to get a chance to try the same simulation from the beginning. Do you have any questions before we get started?

Teacher  5:52  
So I just start with, "How does Lisa most likely feel?" 

Coach  5:56  
Yes. 

Teacher  5:57  
Okay, perfect. Alright, got it.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
