Coach  0:01  
Hey, TEACHER. So how did that go for you?

Teacher  0:04  
I think it went better than it did the first time.

Coach  0:08  
Yeah. How so?

Teacher  0:11  
I just think I was able, I was able to, because I've had experience in the classroom a little bit, I think I was able to kind of provide maybe a little bit more specific connections and stuff. Or like, you know, even if they got it slightly wrong, there are aspects of their answer that are correct, that you can kind of bring in to other students answers that they can also kind of, like piggyback off of each other a little bit.

Coach  0:43  
Yeah so something that you did that I thought was really good was that you scaffold first, that you pull from textual evidence. And you did this in the beginning. When Jasmine said this was feeling nervous, you asked her how can you tell? And that pushed her to go and look for textual evidence, and then Ethan you did it again, when Ethan got the answer wrong, and he said, I thought Lisa was feeling excited about the new job. You said, How did you get there? What made you think that? And again, that's probing for textual evidence. So really good job there. Keep doing that when students get the answer right probe for textual evidence, and when they answer wrong probe for textual evidence, because we really want them to practice that skill. And for them to show their thinking, to make their thinking visual. Today, what we're gonna do is we're going to practice, what do we do when students give you the wrong answer? And the way in which I'm going to do that is I am going to put my, I'm going to model it for you. And I put it in the chat. I'm going to I want to actually model it for you as well. So you can give me the wrong answer. As Ethan says, I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job. I know that that's the incorrect answer. But what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna say thank you for sharing Ethan, using evidence from the texts, tell me why you think this. So this is something that you're doing. So good job doing this part here. I know that Ethan's probably going to give me the wrong textual evidence, he's probably going to give me evidence that's more so aligned to what his original thinking was and I know that that's the wrong answer. But that's okay. He's still showing me his thinking with the textual evidence. And I'm gonna follow it up by asking him a second question. And that question is, is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different? And that'll queue to Ethan that he got the answer incorrect, and that he needs to go back into the text, and look for additional textual evidence. This is important because it gives them an opportunity to practice looking for textual evidence. But if that scaffold is too much, and Ethan still struggles to find additional textual evidence, I'm gonna try another layer of support support. I'm gonna say, read paragraph four. What do we learn about Lisa? So he can't if Ethan has a hard time finding the textual evidence, I'm going to guide him to the textual evidence. So why might this be a better approach?

Teacher  3:47  
So it so again, it like kind of forces him to kind of go back to the text to supplement his answer. And then even though like he is using those higher level thinking skills, you know, he's still you still want him to be able to find the right context to get him to where he needs to be. And so pointing out that there's evidence that might contradict his thoughts might point him to think another way, or realize that like, you know, yeah, he was wrong, but it was like more subtle than just being like, well, you're wrong. So it like pushes him to do more thinking and then just being like, well, you're wrong and here's the right answer. And then with that final scaffolding, it's like, well, here like, let's look at it together. Let's see what else I can provide to you to get you to where you need to be.

Coach  4:45  
Absolutely. So now let's practice it together. You're gonna be a teacher and you're going to ask me, how's Lisa most likely feeling when Pizmo brings up the lie detector results? I'm going to be the student. So, go ahead and ask me that question.

Teacher  5:03  
So how does Lisa most likely feel when Pismo brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  5:09  
I think Lisa is calm.

Teacher  5:13  
Calm. Okay. I hear you. So, using the text, why do you think that?

Coach  5:22  
Well, in paragraph 22, it says that she smiled and laughed.

Teacher  5:29  
Smiled and laughed. Okay. Yeah, that could definitely indicate calm. Is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different?

Coach  5:38  
Well, earlier in, in paragraph 20, is says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest. So maybe that maybe that means that she was scared or nervous.

Teacher  5:52  
Yeah, scared or nervous. And we can also find some more evidence that she might be nervous in paragraph four. Can you show me where that is? Where you might find it in paragraph four? What have you learned about her?

Coach  6:07  
Perfect and scene. So great job, I know you were like, I'm gonna follow this all the way through. We're gonna, you're gonna get a chance to practice it again. And you might be able to use the additional scaffold for paragraphs four or another paragraph, or with another student. So what we're going to do now is we're going to go back into the simulation. And now you're going to get a second chance to do the same simulation from the beginning. Do you have any question before we get started? 

Teacher  6:41  
I don't think so. 

Coach  6:42  
Okay,

