Unknown Speaker  0:00  
Alright, Gloria, how did you think that was tonight?

Unknown Speaker  0:05  
Pretty well, obviously need to do better route time management since we didn't get to the last question. 

Unknown Speaker  0:09  
Okay, um, what were some things you did well with?

Unknown Speaker  0:14  
I think I did a good job making sure that everyone had a chance to talk, I noticed that the two students didn't say anything at the end. That's why I asked if they had any thoughts. Um, I know that it's important to let your students know that you heard what they said. So I tried to repeat back what they said to them, just so they know that I was listening to them. 

Unknown Speaker  0:33  
Yeah, I think that was also great, because then you're also kind of like getting some descriptive feedback to the students by being like, okay, so, you know, you said that you think they're nervous, and you kind of responded back to the text evidence that they said, sort of summarizing it as well. So I also think that was really important. Um, so one thing that I think we might be able to work on iskind of the questions that we ask the students when they have those misconceptions, you, you, one thing you did well, was when they had a misconception, you ask them what their evidence was, they told you, and then you, you, I've kind of found that you were responding to students and telling, like reading to them what the correct part was. So for example,with Ava saying the new student intern, you said, you know, do we think that's who she really is? Or is she pretending to be the intern? And Ava then responds with like, oh, yeah, she's not who she says she is. And like, her voice is definitely a little confused still. So I think it was appropriate for you to be, you know, continue working with her and not go on to the next question. But what you said was, like, if you look at paragraph four, it says, And you, you did the reading for her. And so you were said, you know, it says, If Pismo was so smart, would he be able to tell who she really was, that her cover as an intern was all a lie. And so, when Ava does give that kind of hesitant response, I think the first question you asked was really strong with like, do we think that's who she is? Or she pretending to be an intern? And but then instead of saying, In paragraph four, it says, we could simply just change that to being a question and say to Ava, can you look back at paragraph four? What does that tell us here? And then if she looks at paragraph four, she'll read it and be able to correct her misconception on her own, rather than you directing? Like you directly correcting her misconception? Are you able to see the difference between those two?

Unknown Speaker  2:29  
Yeah, and I actually wrote in the pre survey what you said, but then I did what I did, didn't listen to myself. Yeah, it's a super, super small picky piece. But it does make a huge difference because we want those students to go back into the text themselves, and maybe read it, like if they don't find it, even if the way you directed her to paragraph four was appropriate. But then she can read paragraph four, and kind of be like, oh, she's talking about a cover, it's gonna be blown, she might have been lying, like, they're able to kind of make those connections themselves, rather than just hear it straight from your mouth. Does that make sense? Um, so if we think about question one with Ethan, um, or question one being, how does Lisa feel? Excuse me, when Pismo brings up her lie detector results? With Ethan, you did say, you know, oh, but like, there's the lie detector results. And then he was like, oh, yeah, I forgot about that. And he kind of goes back and corrects himself again. But what if I answered that question? And I say, I think she's feeling calm. What might you say to me?

Unknown Speaker  3:43  
What in the story makes you feel that she's feeling calm, or at least seems calm? 

Unknown Speaker  3:48  
And I could say in paragraph 22. It says, Lisa smiled and relaxed. So when I smile, and I'm relaxed, I feel calm, and I feel good. So what could you maybe say to that?

Unknown Speaker  4:08  
Those are both written and she smiled and relaxed. That would I don't know if this is like, too, in depth for them. But that means that it's past tense, which means that something had to she had to be feeling something before that, in order to that that is a very good way to quickly.

Unknown Speaker  4:28  
Another way that we could kind of say that is, yeah, that's after the lie detector results were brought up same sort of ideas, your past tense thing. I see what you were thinking there. But you know, that's after the lie detector, or, you know, we could just say, Okay, well, when is that happening? And then it's like he believed her results. Okay, so that might be after the lie detector results are brought up. We want to know what happens when he first brings them up. Can you find that in the text and then like, oh, yeah, I just need to go a little bit earlier. So same story, same type of questioning what you were thinking but just the idea that this is after and the questions asking you to think about right before he brought up the lie detector results. Um, but again not saying like, okay, well that's 22 but let's look at paragraph 20 instead kind of being like okay, well what's your paragraph talking about? Now can we find right before it. When we go through this next round I, you were really like on the right track just kind of gonna be really picky and tell you to turn those statements about where to look into questions about where to look. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  5:34  
All right good.

