Teacher  0:02  
They disappear. They beat you to it.

Coach  0:04  
They do they always. So how do it go for you?

Teacher  0:10  
Um... good. Usually, what we practiced so far with the simulation is like-- it's more behavioral. So it was like a nice change that, that they wanted to talk about it.

Coach  0:23  
Oh my god. So I thought that you did such a great job. And I have so much great things to say about what you did. So one thing that you did was pushing students to give you textual evidence. Great job-- when the student got it right you pushed them for textual evidence; when the student got it wrong, you pushed them for textual evidence. Great key. There was also something that you did when Ava got the answer, She's a new student intern, you said, is there evidence in the text that tells us that she is not the new student intern? That was a really great question. And it's a really great way to follow up with her. But then you said, anyone can answer that. So then it pushed the onus off of Ava, to the next student who moved on. I think that Ava could have answered that question. And you could have pushed her to find textual evidence in that moment. 

Teacher  1:22  
Okay. 

Coach  1:23  
So what we're going to talk about today is we're going to be talking about, I'm just going to model for you another way of what to do when students have misunderstandings, like what to do when students give us the wrong answer. Okay. What can we as teachers do when students  misunderstand? What are some strategies that we can, we can use?

Teacher  1:52  
Um, I think asking them to, you know, what, however, is appropriate for the kind of work that they're doing, ask them to show their thinking. So that's, I think, like, questions about how they got to that conclusion in this situation are helpful. But if that doesn't lead to them rethinking, another point that I might have tried is just to point to a specific section in the text to bring them to? Or say, okay, like, let's reread this part, is there anything there that changes your thinking. If they do seem to need a little bit more support, but like you said, not to completely shift off of-- off of that student?

Coach  2:32  
I think those are such great, such great like strategies. What I'm going to do is, I'm going to drop into the text a model for how I will do this, okay. Then I'm gonna explain the model. It goes Ethan says, I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job; I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job. And my response would be just like you said, Thank you for sharing that. Using evidence from the text, tell me why they think this. So the first thing like we're, we're right on it, is ask them for textual evidence. Right. Lisa give me textual evidence that isn't aligned with what we were talking about. Right? Still found it. But that's okay. Because I'm going to follow up a second time and say, Is there evidence in texts that might tell us something different? So that keys to them that that first answer was off, and they need to continue looking at the text? Okay, if they continue to, like struggle with that part, then I would do what you said, which is read paragraph four, what do we learn about Lisa, guiding them more specifically to the text? How might that be a better way?

Teacher  3:59  
Um, it still like keeps a like high expectation for that student. And gives them the support, so they can still take ownership over that idea. They're still doing their own thinking. And when they get to the right answer, they're also gonna feel like more successful than they wouldn't have. I think what I was going to, and what I think probably happens commonly is like, Oh, I don't want to embarrass them that they they're not getting it. So like, maybe they'll get it from hearing it from a peer. But doing it this way, lets them actually get to the right answer. So they can like build their confidence with answering. And also like, it does hold them accountable for continuing to like think through it more.

Coach  4:36  
Yeah. And something that's important here that are what I want to stamp on is, it's about creating the culture where making mistakes is normalized. Everyone's gonna make mistakes and we're just giving them an opportunity to work through them. So let's practice that. So you're going to be the teacher and you're going to ask me how was Lisa  most likely feeling when Prismo brings up the lie detector results and I'm going be the student.

Teacher  5:06  
Ok. Htow does Lisa most likely feel when Pismo brings up for lie detector results?

Coach  5:12  
I think Lisa is calm.

Teacher  5:15  
Okay, and what makes you think that Lisa was calm; what evidence from the text made you think that? 

Coach  5:21  
Well, in paragraph 22, it says that she smiled.

Teacher  5:29  
Oh, yes. And 22 It said she smiled and relaxed. Um, let's go back a little bit and take a look at Section 20 right after, right after he breaks it up... 

Coach  5:46  
Oh, you mean in paragraph 8? It says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest. So maybe she was scared or nervous?

Teacher  5:56  
Yeah, so right after he asked about the lie detector results, you're right. She was feeling scared and nervous. Um, and then right after? Oh, sorry. Go ahead. 

Yeah, end scene. Sorry I interrupted. Great job. Great job doing that. I just wanted to push you to allow the student to actively struggle and find-- find the evidence. Okay. Guiding-- you're guiding really... You're providing the scaffold and I think that maybe they didn't look at that part of the text. Okay, so we're going to do it again. This time we're going to try it in the simulation. Now you have a chance to try the same simulation from the beginning. Do you have any questions before we start?

I'm going to close this door.

Sim Staff  6:53  
Perfect, go for it. 

Teacher  7:03  
Thank you. Alright, you're ready? 

Yes. Thank you. Are we starting on question one again?

Coach  7:13  
Question one. All the way from the beginning. Alrighty.

