Coach  0:00  
Alright, let me pull out my documents.

Okay, so you did a really nice job of probing them for text evidence for every single answer that did you did a really nice job of the first thing that you asked them was where in the text is it say that? That was great. The other thing that you did, and that's important, because it really points them to going back to the texts to find the answer. And so that's really important to make sure that they're always using evidence to support their answer. In the first one, you also push the student to find a warrant, which was really great. So you said, How do you, like, you found that the text says, Your heart's pounding, but what do we know about that? So you not only had them provide the text evidence, but you also push for a warrant, which was really strong. The one thing I'd like to focus on today if you're coaching is the opportunities that you can take to provide high-quality descriptive feedback. High-quality descriptive feedback is really important because it labels the desired academic behavior. And it explains the impact of that behavior. And that's helpful because it allows students to develop an understanding of key academic behaviors, but also helps them replicate them in the future beyond this one individual text. Right. And so this type of feedback will support them in understanding this text about Lisa and Pismo, but also many other texts. So what was one of the things that one of the students did in the simulation that you would like them to do in the future? Who was a student that did something that you were like, Oh, I wish all my students answered that way.

Teacher  1:38  
Baba Baba, I'm trying to remember what just happened.

Coach  1:43  
That's okay.

Teacher  1:44  
 I like how, I mean, I'm trying to think back to what I did. I mean, having the girl connect that back, but as I probed her with was good. One of the students pointed out the part in the texts where there's a mysterious genius. That's where they got that. So I had a few students like going into the text and like, showed me it before even asked them, Which was nice, right?

Coach  2:11  
Yeah, so I think that's nice when they like are automatically doing that. And so one of the things when you're teaching is if you start naming the behaviors that you like, the other students will automatically start doing those named behaviors, because they're like, oh, that's what the teacher wants. So that's the benefit of descriptive feedback. So for example, Savannah says, in a complete response, Lisa's a reporter, because the text kept talking about he was secretive, he wouldn't even talk to the press, it's right here in paragraph three, gives you text evidence, and pushes for a... says a claim. And your response to that was like, I had the same thought that she was a reporter, which is, that's great. You were confirming her, but it could have been a really cool opportunity to say, Oh, my goodness, that's a great thought. What I noticed is, you gave me a complete response, you told me your idea, you provided text evidence, and you helped make the connection to why that evidence supports your claim. Okay, and so that's what we're going to work on together today is thinking about there was other opportunities throughout the simulation where you give the text evidence, you supported them in correcting their answer. And then how could you describe what they did well, so that they could do it again? Does that make sense? 

Teacher  3:22  
Yes. 

Coach  3:23  
Okay. And...Alright, so we're gonna pretend we've been discussing something, and I will be Ava, and you can respond to me. So I'm going to give you a response. And you can provide me with some descriptive feedback. How's that sound? All right. 

Well, I was thinking about Dev's response. And I agree with some of what he said, but not all of what he said, I think Lisa could be a spy. But I don't think she's a spy. Like in the movies, working for the government. I think she's from another company, and trying to steal One Thing's, ideas for her company. So her company can make the same stuff. I don't get why the government would be interested in one thing. But if you think about like Google and Apple so that they make the same type of stuff, it would make sense that they would want to keep tabs on each other, and steal each other's secrets.

Teacher  4:13  
Oh, my gosh, that was just so much information.

Coach  4:14  
 I can read it again. That was a lot. It really heavy. 

Teacher  4:16  
Can you read it one more time, I lost track for a second and the whole thing was just lost. 

Coach  4:20  
That's okay. So Dev says at the very end, and we got to this one about, I think they could be a spy, right? And so I'm gonna build on that and say, Well, I was thinking about Dev's response. And I agree with some of what he said, but not everything. I think Lisa could be a spy, but I don't think a spy like in the movies, working for the government. I think she's from another company trying to steal One Thing's, ideas, so her company can make the same thing. I don't get why the government would be interested in one thing. But if you think about Google and Apple, they make the same kind of stuff. So it would make sense if you want to keep tabs on someone else and steal each other's secrets.

Teacher  4:58  
All right, Ava, I love how you affirmed Dev in his answer, and made the connection between what you thought he thought and kind of grew on it with your own knowledge to expand it beyond the answer that you heard.

I like how you mentioned a few different things you brought in spies from a movie, which I think is kind of where dad was going. But then you also brought in the knowledge of other companies that are similar to this one, and kind of imagined, why would a spy be in this company? Like, what reason would it be and that's a great point, bringing that knowledge, so maybe another company might want to take that information as well. So that was, that was really good. 

Coach  5:40  
So you hit it on the things that I would have praised on nice job building on another student's answer. So by describing that behavior, hopefully, other students will think like that. And then also the precision of the connection. Like I'm thinking about this in this in specific detail. So the level of specificity, you also touched on that in your description to support other students in doing it. Great job. All right, now, you're going to have a chance to do the simulation again. This time, you can do all the great things you already did before, but also see if you can layer in some descriptive feedback when you notice that students are doing things that you'd like them to repeat.

Teacher  6:14  
 So starting from question one again, right? 

Coach  6:17  
Yes, it's the same thing over again, you'll just change maybe how you respond to students. Alright, I'll give you a minute to pull up the story in the questions, and if you... when you're ready, let me know and we'll start

