Coach  0:01  
Hey, how did that go for you? How do you feel?

Teacher  0:04  
I think it went okay. I felt pretty good about it. 

Coach  0:08  
Yeah, there was one part that I really wanted to highlight for you. It was right in the beginning, Jasmine said, or gave you an answer. She said, Lisa was feeling nervous. And you said, Why do you think that she was feeling nervous? What do you what told you still in the text, I thought that was great that you were really probing her for textual evidence, so that her thinking can become visual. You also did it when Ethan got the question wrong. So that's a really good job of making sure that you're probing for textual evidence, even when they get the answer wrong, so that you can see their thinking. And to help them practice the skill of looking for textual evidence, such as there. What I want to work on is what do we do when students give us the incorrect answers. What do we do when students give us the incorrect answer? And what I'm gonna do, I'm going to model it for you. Before that, I'm going to put it into the chat so that you can follow along as I model it. So let's say Ethan, think gives me an answer. I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job. I know that that's the incorrect answer. I'm going to say thank you for sharing Ethan, using evidence from the text, tell me why you think this. This is something that you're already doing. So keep doing it. My next question is going to be is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different? And the reason why I'm asking this is because one, Ethan probably gave me evidence that's not aligned to what I need him to give me. That's okay. Because his answer was wrong, so as evidence should also be aligned to it. As long as they're aligned, I know that Ethan's been practicing using textual evidence. But what this question does, is it marks to Ethan that, I got the answer wrong, and I need to go back and look again. So this gives me an opportunity to go back into the text to practice finding textual evidence. If the scaffold is if he needs an additional scaffold, I would then say, read paragraph four. What do we learn about Lisa. I would guide them to the evidence. Okay. So why might this be better?

Teacher  2:47  
Because I think it encourages them to use the materials that they have to think about their answers and why they said it, but it also it doesn't discourage them or make them feel dumb or whatever, for not getting the right answer, because you're saying thank you for sharing, and you're showing that you appreciate that they tried and that they're giving their thoughts on the answer, but then you're kind of helping guide them to the right answer.

Coach  3:15  
Yeah, absolutely. It is still trying to get like, for opening to making mistakes, like it's okay to make mistakes. Like, we're going to work through them and that's what's was supposed to happen in this case. So now let's practice it. Let's practice it. So you're the teacher, I'm going to be the student. The question that you're going to ask me is, how was Lisa most likely feeling when Pizmo brings up the lie detector result?

Teacher  3:22  
Okay, ready? Well, how is Lisa most likely feeling when Pismo brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  3:59  
I think Lisa is calm.

Teacher  4:04  
Okay, thank you for sharing. Now, why do you think that? What in the text makes you think that that's the answer?

Coach  4:12  
Well, in paragraph 22, it says she smiled and relaxed.

Teacher  4:20  
Okay, I see how you think that because a lot of times we associate smiling with being calm or at ease, but is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different?

Coach  4:35  
Well, in above it in paragraph 20, it says, her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest, so maybe she was scared or nervous?

Teacher  4:48  
That's exactly right. When your heart is pounding really loud or fast, that really means we are nervous or scared. So that's very good using the text to tell you how she might be feeling So great work for going back into the text to find your answer.

Coach  5:05  
Thank you and scene. Great job following through with the with staying connected to the student and focusing on them, the scaffolds. We're gonna practice this again in the next simulation. Okay. So now you have the opportunity to do the same simulation all over again from the beginning. Any questions before we get started? 

Teacher  5:31  
I don't think so. 

Coach  5:33  
No. Okay. So we're going to

