Coach  0:00  
Hey! So how did that go for you?

Teacher  0:05  
Pretty good, I guess.

Coach  0:08  
Yeah? I thought so too. Some of the things that I thought you did pretty- really well is, in the beginning, you were probing students for textual evidence. When Lisa- When Jasmine said, "Lisa was feeling nervous," you said, "Why do you think she's feeling nervous?" And then, when Ethan said, "I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job," you said, "Why did you think that?" Today, I want to talk about what do we do when students give you the wrong answer, so that we can just build on your... on this session. So what we're going to do in- What we're going to do, I'm going to model for you what I would do when students give the wrong answer. I'm gonna first do that by dropping it into the chat, so that you have something to see that you can follow along. 

Okay, so Ethan tells me, "I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job." I know that that's incorrect answer, but I'm gonna say, "Thank you for sharing, Ethan. Using evidence from the text, tell me why you think this." And you're doing this, so that's a great job. I know that he's probably going to give me the wrong evidence, though, because if he gave me the wrong claim, he's probably going to give me evidence that's also wrong. That's okay. I just want to see his thinking. But I'm going to give him a second opportunity to go back into the text to give me the right answer. I'm gonna say, "Is there evidence in the text that I tell us something different?" Is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different. That cues to Ethan that his answer was wrong and thathe needs to go back and try again. 

Teacher  2:07  
Mmhm.

Coach  2:08  
Okay? And this is just to help him practice looking for textual evidence. If that scaffold's not enough and if he needs additional help, then guide him to read paragraph four. "What did we learn about Lisa?" You actually did this when Ethan told you that he was feeling excited- That he thought Lisa was feeling excited. So you did a good job. The part that's missing is giving him a chance or opportunity to go back into the text and do it on his own. 

Teacher  2:40  
Oh, mmhm.

Coach  2:43  
So what about that is better?

Teacher  2:46  
Hm?

Coach  2:47  
 Why might this be better? This process, this model?

Teacher  2:53  
It gives him an opportunity to practice on his own using the text, and allows him more, like, agency in fixing his response versus just being told like, "Oh, look at this part of the text." Kind of, he has to seek it out himself.

Coach  3:09  
Yes, absolutely. So what we're going to do now is we're going to practice it. You're going to be the teacher and you're going to ask me, "How is Lisa most likely feeling when Pizmo brings up the lie detector results?" And I'm going to be the student. Go ahead and ask me that question when you're ready.

Teacher  3:30  
Okay. How is Lisa most likely feeling when Pizmo brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  3:38  
I think Lisa is calm. 

Teacher  3:42  
Okay, why do you think that? 

Coach  3:44  
Well, in paragraph 22, it says, "She smiled and relaxed."

Teacher  3:52  
Okay. Is there something else in the text that might tell us something different about what she's feeling?

Coach  4:00  
Oh, well, in paragraph 20 above where I read before, it says, "Her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest." So maybe she was scared or nervous.

Teacher  4:17  
Mmhm! Yeah, that is something different we can learn about Lisa based on the text. Good job.

Coach  4:23  
And scene. Alright, great job going through that model with me. That was a great practice. That was a great practice run But we're going to practice again in the simulation. 

Teacher  4:33  
Okay. 

Coach  4:35  
So now you're going to get the opportunity to do the simulation again from the beginning. Do you have any questions before we begin?

Teacher  4:43  
I don't think so. 

Coach  4:45  
Okay.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
