Coach  0:00  
Okay. Alright, so how did that go for you?

Teacher  0:05  
Um, I felt like- I think halfway through, I was like, oh man, I really need to be, like, providing feedback more. Like, I thought that I was kind of like leading through... I don't know, I think I could have provided better feedback than I did. And then I tried to kind of overcompensate for it, but I don't think I did too great of a job.

Coach  0:28  
Well, that's really interesting that you say that. Something that I thought you did really well in the beginning, and then I really want to push you to continue, like, take this and do it more- 

Teacher  0:41  
Yeah. 

Coach  0:42  
-is -- and we'll talk about how in a moment -- is you really, in the beginning, crowed Jasmine for textual evidence.

Teacher  0:49  
Okay, I'm gonna take some notes real quick. Hold on, gimme a second.

Coach  0:52  
Yeah, no worries. 

Teacher  0:54  
Okay. 

Coach  0:56  
So Jasmine in the beginning said, "Lisa was feeling nervous," and you said, "She was nervous. That's a great observation. Where in the text tells you that she is nervous?" That was really key because that made her... her idea visual for you in the text. Like sta- It, like, puts like a stamp on her learning, and she's able to state a claim and provide you textual evidence to show you where she gets it. It's a skill that kids need to develop. Where I want to push you is when students give you the wrong answer. 

Teacher  1:35  
Okay.

Coach  1:36  
I'm going to do a combination of two things. We're going to take this thing that you did well -- tell me where you get this using textual evidence -- and we're going to push students to think about... to think about their answer and to probe them for textual evidence. 

Teacher  1:56  
Okay.

Coach  1:59  
Tell me, what are some things that we can do when students don't initially get things correctly?

Teacher  2:07  
Well, I think to kind of build on what you said, like, I think getting to the bottom of that confusion. Like, because when, you know, one can answer, "it's a spy" and then, like, "and it's a receptionist," like, going back to where they found that information will help you kind of, like, sift through, like, "Okay, part of what you said, is really correct. Let's find... Let's get you down the right path. Like you took a wrong turn." So I think, like you said, probing for more information to figure out how they kind of came to an incorrect conclusion and then like, affirming that the thing that they did was correct. Like, you did find- You did see that she was nervous or she was laughing. You're right about that. Now, let's expand this more. Let me guide you kind of to it.

Coach  2:54  
Yes. So that's exactly what we're going to do today, and I'm going to model for you how to do that. I'm gonna drop my model in text in the chat box so that you have it, and then I'm gonna read it to you out loud. So Ethan tells me, "I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job." My first thing as a teacher is going to say, "Thank you for sharing, Ethan. Using evidence from the text, tell me why you think this." So I'm pushing him back in the text immediately. Ethan more than likely is going to give me the wrong evidence from the text. He's going to give me evidence from the text that supports his answer, which I know is wrong. And that's okay. I know that he's building his critical thinking skills, and he's making connections. That's fine. But what I want to do that's critical, is I want to send him back into the text and say, "Is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different?" And this lets him know that there- That his answer needs adjusting, and then he needs to find additional information. Or it might- He might double down. That's okay because we want to give them as many opportunities to find... to correct their answers on their own.

Teacher  4:11  
Okay.

Coach  4:12  
If Ethan still struggles with finding the answer on his own, then we're going to guide him. We're going to say, "Okay, read paragraph four. What do we learn about Lisa?" So we give him a chance to do it on his own, give him a second chance to do that on their own- his own, and then we guide him to where the textual evidence is that we want him to focus on.

Teacher  4:39  
Okay, so it's ask once, ask twice with kind of scaffolding provi- sending him to the place... Oh, I'm sorry. Ask once, ask twice, and then provide the scaffold at the end-

Coach  4:51  
Right.

Teacher  4:52  
 -for the third round. Okay. 

Coach  4:53  
Yes. Yes, absolutely. Let's practice that. 

Teacher  4:57  
Okay. 

Coach  4:58  
So I'm going to be the student and you are going to be the teacher.

Teacher  5:02  
Okay.

Coach  5:03  
And you're gonna ask, how is Lisa most likely feeling when Pismo brings up the lie detector results? 

Teacher  5:09  
Okay. Okay, so how... Yeah, so how is Lisa most likely feeling when Pizmo brings up the lie detector results?

Coach  5:17  
I think Lisa is calm.

Teacher  5:21  
Really? Okay. Well, thanks for sharing. What in the text tells you that she's calm?

Coach  5:27  
Well, in paragraph 22 it says she smiled and relaxed.

Teacher  5:32  
Okay. Alright. I like that you cited the evidence. Now, can you go and find some more evidence in the text that might tell us something different from what you originally found?

Coach  5:44  
In paragraph 20, it says that her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest. So maybe she was scared or nervous.

Teacher  5:54  
Okay, alright. I like it. So why don't we go ahead and read paragraph four and see what we learn more about Lisa.

Coach  6:01  
Okay. And great job. 

Teacher  6:08  
Thank you.

Coach  6:08  
Great job. So I noticed that you follow the script, you practice the scena- the pacing of it, and even if I gave you the right answer, you still was like, "Have it ready to send me to additional...  Send me to look at additonal evidence," which is what I thought- 

Teacher  6:12  
Yeah. 

Coach  6:21  
-It just doubles down on, like, my thinking.

Teacher  6:32  
Okay. 

Coach  6:33  
So now-

Teacher  6:33  
Yeah, I was like, I didn't know whether to stop there. I was like, I'm just gonna go through the whole thing.

Coach  6:37  
Yeah, just go through the whole thing and no worries. 

Teacher  6:40  
Okay. 

Coach  6:41  
So now we're going to give you a chance to try the same simulation again, from the beginning. Do you have any questions before we get started?

Teacher  6:51  
Um, I think there was... There was this one moment, so when it's a spy or reporter, I kind of was like agreeing with a kid and then the other kid was like, "It's a reporter!" And I was like, honestly, that's a great idea. I didn't really think about that. Um, should I like, take a stance or should I like, entertain both answers? Because I was like, we don't really know the answer.

Coach  7:14  
As a teacher, I don't- Like, and especially in this situation, I don't think you should take a stance- 

Teacher  7:18  
Okay. 

Coach  7:18  
- because there's no answer to this question. 

Teacher  7:20  
Okay. Alright, cool. 

Coach  7:24  
Yeah. Alright, we ready?

Teacher  7:28  
Yeah.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
