Coach  0:01  
So how did that go for you?

Teacher  0:04  
It felt pretty solid. I often have a tendency to like... I feel like restate something, like, too many times for sure. I could find myself doing that. It's like saying the same things over and over. But in terms of like what I was saying, I felt like I was... I was okay with it.

Coach  0:19  
Yeah. Something that you did that I thought was really good- and you did a few things that I thought was really good, and I just want to add to it. First thing is, you start off like, if a student got the answer correct, you ask them, "Can you tell me why she's feeling nervous? Can tell me why she was feeling that way?" And then, if a student got the answer incorrect like Ethan did about how Lisa was feeling excited about her new job, you still use the same system to help them to push them to find textual evidence to show their thinking. So good job pushing students to use textual evidence. Something that you did that I thought was good, but we're going to continue working on, is scaffolding for students. Like what to do when students give you an incorrect answer.

Teacher  1:17  
A correct one?

Coach  1:19  
Incorrect answer.

Teacher  1:19  
Incorrect, okay. Yep.

Coach  1:21  
Yeah, perfect. So something that I noticed that you did that was- that was good, and we're going to add to it, is you first have them give you textual evidence, and then you guided them to textual evidence. So you have a really good handle of the text. But we're going to add to that today. We're going to create additional... We're going to add an additional step before guiding students to textual evidence. 

Teacher  1:51  
Okay.

Coach  1:52  
 Okay?

Teacher  1:53  
Yep.

Coach  1:54  
So I'm going to model for you what I would do if a student gave me an- If a student was struggling to give me a correct answer. So I'm gonna first drop that into the chat so that you can follow along. 

Teacher  2:11  
Okay.

Coach  2:12  
So Ethan says, "I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her job." The first thing we do is exactly what you did. I want to thank them for sharing, and then push them to give me textual evidence. So I said, "Thank you for sharing. Using text- Using evidence from the text, tell me why you think this." The next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to assume, like, assuming that they're going to give me the wrong textual evidence. Because if they make a wrong claim, your textual evidence might not be aligned to the claim that I want them to give me. So they're probably going to give me evidence that's alligned with something different. So I'm going to tell them, "Is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different?" I'm gonna repeat that: "Is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different?" And the reason why I do this is to give- Is because finding textual evidence is a skill that's so important for students that I'm going to give them a second opportunity to practice this skill. If the student still is struggling, then I'm going to do what you did, and I'm gonna say, "Read paragraph four. What did we learn about Lisa?" Or, "Read paragraph 22. What did we learn about Lisa?" 

Teacher  3:29  
Okay.

Coach  3:30  
'Kay? So basically, you gave me the bread. You gave me, like, the top button and the bottom bun of our burger, and I'm adding a middle piece. So I'm adding a burger. Okay?

Teacher  3:43  
Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. 

Coach  3:45  
Alright, so now let's prac- Or why do you think this is better, before we practice? 

Teacher  3:51  
Why do I think it's better? 

Coach  3:52  
Yeah. Why do you think it might be better?

Teacher  3:54  
Oh, just because it gives students a chance to struggle with the work themselves without, like, giving them answers too easily, which is another bad habit I have.

Coach  4:05  
Yes. It allows them to productively struggle and to develop and practice skills before giving them the answer. Absolutely. Okay, so we're gonna practice. I'm going to be the student, and you're going to be the teacher. The question that you're going to ask me is, how is Lisa most likely feeling when Pizmo brings up the lie detector results?

Teacher  4:29  
 Okay.

Coach  4:30  
You can ask the question when you're ready.

Teacher  4:32  
Alright. How does Lisa most likely feel when Pizmo brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  4:39  
I think Lisa is calm.

Teacher  4:41  
You think she's calm? Okay. Can you, using evidence in the text, can you tell me why you think that Lisa is calm?

Coach  4:48  
Well, in paragraph 22, it says she smiled and relaxed.

Teacher  4:54  
Okay, that's good. That's good, using evidence from the text. Can you take a look at the text and see if there's any evidence in the text that might tell us something different.

Coach  5:05  
Oh, well, if I look right on top of that, in paragraph 20, it says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest. So maybe she was feeling something different. Maybe she was scared or nervous.

Teacher  5:21  
Yeah, excellent job. Excellent job finding evidence, and then using more evidence to build on that original idea you had. That's awesome. 

Coach  5:28  
Perfect! So you did a great job there. I wouldn't change anything about what you did. But we're going to practice again, and this time we're gonna practice with practicing the second simulation.

Teacher  5:39  
Okay, sounds good. So same questions, right? Just do the same thing?

Coach  5:43  
So same simulation, same questions, same thing, but this time we're going to practice having that skill for when students give you a wrong answer. 

Teacher  5:55  
Okay, awesome. 

Coach  5:56  
Alright. Let me know when you're ready to begin the simulation. 

Teacher  6:00  
Alright, I'm ready.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
