Coach  0:02  
Hey, 

Teacher  0:03  
Hi. 

Coach  0:04  
How was that for you?

 Um, it was okay. 

You did really well. I'm so excited with how well you did because I actually get to, I'm gonna try something a little bit different today because how well you did, so?

Okay, so I'm going to just start off by telling you why...some of the great things that you did. So let me get my notes. In the beginning, you started off, and you said, Jasmine gave you a correct answer. You actually asked her for potential evidence. Can you tell me what..can you tell me how you know that maybe using evidence in the text? So probed her to give you textual avidence. When Ethan gave you a wrong answer you probed him for...and told him to give you textual evidence.

When Ava...same thing with Ava you're consistently probing for textual evidence, so that's a great job. The second thing that you did really well, is when Ava was struggling to find out the...find text for like, why she's more than just astudent intern. You probed her...you said, "...is there anything in the text as you read on? That tells us that maybe she's not the new student intern?" So that's like, really a high level question because it gives her an opportunity to go back into the text to look for additional evidence. And when she couldn't find any additional evidence, you told Dev, look at paragraph four. Like, what do you see? So you provided many, many scaffolds to support Ava to get to the correct answer. And that's a really great job. Today, what I want to work on is when student...it's giving descriptive feedback when students give you a really great answer. Okay?

Teacher  2:18  
okay.

Coach  2:21  
So that's what we're going to do. So name something good you saw a student do today.

Teacher  2:29  
Um, one of the students gave like a really thorough explanation and used, like, multiple points in the text making inferences? Yes.

Coach  2:42  
I think that was Savannah. You said: thank you for your response. This is a great inference.

And so what we're going to do is I'm going to model for you, I'm going to put it in the text so that you can see, how to give descriptive feedback and tell students why is that such a good response? Why is that such a great response? So that other students are able to replicate that great response as well.

Some Savannah says, Lisa is a reporter, because the text kept talking about how she was so secretive. He wouldn't even talk to the class. It says in here in paragraph four. That's a great answer, right?

Teacher  3:31  
Mhmm

Coach  3:32  
So my response would be great job Savannah. I love the way you stated your claim that she said, she told me who she thought it was. Lisa is a reporter. So she's stating her claim. And she provided textual your evidence to show proof on how you came to your answer. So the key things here... and you did this with inference, but she did more than just provide an inference. She stated her inference, which is their claim in this situation. And she provided you with textual evidence. And repeating that to her and providing that descriptive feedback is one way so that she knows what she did well, and she's able to name it as well.

So why might that be better?

Teacher  4:20  
Well, it's more, it's probably, much more productive because it gives them something to remember specifically. And also, like models, like you were saying to the other students, what a answers should look like or what components of an answer are really like substantial.

Coach  4:41  
Absolutely. So now we're going to practice it.

We are going to practice... you can use and you're going to ask me, do I think Lisa...who do I think Lisa is and what makes what makes me think that? I'm going to give you my answer and then you're going to give me your descriptive response. Okay?

The question is: who do you think Lisa really is and what makes you think that?

Teacher  5:12  
Okay, so who do you think Lisa really is? In what makes you think that?

Coach  5:17  
I think Lisa is a spy? Because in paragraph four, it says, would he know that her cover as a student intern was all a lie? And spies have covered identities.

Teacher  5:33  
Wow, that is a great response. I really liked the way that you stated what you thought it was. It's a really good inference of the spy and then you gave me some textual evidence to support your answer.

Coach  5:48  
Awesome. Awesome. So stating her claim. Great job and referencing the textual evidence. So you're going to practice this again. This time you practice it, you're going to be practicing in the scenario.

Okay, um, do you have any questions before we start the scenario from the beginning?

Teacher  6:13  
No, I don't think so. It's just the full thing one more time. 

Coach  6:16  
Yes, it's just the full thing one more time. 

