Sim Staff  0:02  
Alright, so how did you think that went?

Teacher  0:04  
I think it was all right, I was a little. Sometimes it's hard to I don't know what to say sometimes, when I'm like, "All right, like, let's look at..." like with Ethan. And so I just kind of try to redirect them, but what are your thoughts?

Sim Staff  0:18  
Um, so I would agree with that. Exactly. So I think that you did-- it's going to be both like the glow and the grow, which can be a little bit confusing, but I think you did a good job identifying like that the student was wrong, and that you needed to redirect them. Because when students--oh let mestart my timer--when students are wrong, we don't want to like, encourage those misconceptions. And let them think that they got it right. So you did a really good job at identifying that, like the student wasn't right. And by then asking them a follow up question, to prompt them to find the right answer. And you did that by pointing them directly to the text in the paragraph. And so I think that we can just kind of build upon that by instead of telling them exactly where to look by putting a little bit more of that power in their hands. Does that make sense?

Teacher  1:08  
Sure. So kind of being like... 

Sim Staff  1:12  
So we can think about Ethan. So with Ethan. Ethan said, I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job. And you asked, Why did you feel like what the text made you think that Ethan responded with, You know, in paragraph two, she said this, she said this, she said this? And you agreed. And you said, Yeah, that's a very exciting thing. But can you read paragraph four? So you kind of directly pointed them where to look? And in this case, rather than directly pointing them where to look, we could actually refer back to the question itself by saying, Okay, well, this question is asking us, how does Lisa feel and Pismo brings up the lie detector results? Can you find the part in the text that asks about the lie detector results, and then the student would do a little bit of digging themselves, and say, like, Oh, her heart is pounding, she might be clammy. And you could even then ask another follow up question that would be like, Well, why do you think she might... Why do you think her heart's pounding? Or why do you think her hands are clammy? But that way, you're kind of giving the students a little bit more power to look within the text rather than just pointing them to the text? Does that make sense?

Teacher  2:21  
Yeah, no, that's a great, a great idea. Thank you. 

Sim Staff  2:24  
And I think that it's like... we... pointing them to the text is like, sometimes what our, like what we're aspiring to do, but at this point, you're like, You're doing very well with it. So we want to point the students to dig for it themselves. And so the next question, the next student, who kind of has that misconception is Ava, with being the new student intern. And so, um, you kind of follow the same pattern, again, by saying, it does say that, but can you read paragraph four? So how do you think that we might be able to point Ava in the right direction that she's not the student intern without giving her the exact paragraph to look at? 

Teacher  3:05  
Yeah, I think, like similar strategy or same strategy to what you were talking about? By saying yes, like, the text does say that she's the new student intern, but we're looking for who she really is... so that kind of conveys that she's not what the text outright says she is. Or like, what that... what

Sim Staff  3:25  
Yeah, 

Teacher  3:26  
Yeah.

Sim Staff  3:27  
Yeah. And so you could even say, you know, well, you know, there's a part in the text that makes us think that she's not a student intern, can you find any of that? And so, you know, just kind of saying, This is what it says, but you actually did a really good job at this too, by saying, sometimes we have to continue reading the text. And so instead of, you know, you could follow with that same dialogue and say, We have to continue reading the text, can you find evidence that shows she's not the student intern? And that way, they probably would come across paragraph for themselves? 

Teacher  3:59  
Sure. Great idea. 

Sim Staff  4:00  
Does that make sense?

Teacher  4:01  
It does. Thank you.

Sim Staff  4:02  
Okay. So we have a little bit of time to practice that scenario again. So if you were to ask the question, How is Lisa feeling? And I were to say, I think she's feeling relaxed. What might you say in response to that?

Teacher  4:21  
Um, I think I would ask you, like I had previously... like, what in the text makes you feel... Hold on...  If I asked "how does Lisa most likely feel when Pismo brings up her life after results?" Um...

Speaker 1  4:38  
And I say she's feeling relaxed.

Teacher  4:40  
Yeah. Oh, I would say that she was I would ask, like to cite where in the text and then I'd be like, Okay, well, 

Speaker 1  4:51  
I'll say in paragraph 22. It says she smiled and relaxed. That means she's relaxed.

Teacher  5:00  
Ok. And then I would say, Okay, well how about when she? So the question is, how does Lisa most likely feel when Prismo brings up her lie detector results? So can you find in the text, the paragraph where he brings up her lie-- Lie Detector results? And then..

Sim Staff  5:18  
Yeah, and then I'd be like, Oh, this was after the lie detector results are brought up beforehand, and then I could go dig into the find it. Um, so that was great. Again, I want to give you a thumbs up on recognizing when students aren't doing something correctly and trying to point them in the right direction. And this time, we just want to give them a little bit more authority to find it on their own. And so we can practice the next round. I'll turn off my camera again. You feeling good for you? 

Teacher  5:48  
Yes. Thank you. 

Sim Staff  5:50  
Okay.

