Coach  0:00  
Okay, great. So we're going to spend five minutes, having a little coaching conversation. So let me just start my timer. And I'd like to hear from you to begin with sort of how you felt that went,

Teacher  0:11  
um, like, obviously not perfect. I think some things that I wonder about is like when responding right to a student that like, doesn't say like the answer that you expect. I think in the moment, I was like, Oh, should I like how to go about correcting him? Or if it's okay to have like, another student, like, kind of what I did, like, have another student bring an idea that like, kind of challenges that students like, wrong idea, but in a way that doesn't make it seem like, oh, like, this student didn't get it? Like, how could you not, you know?

Coach  0:44  
Yeah, absolutely. Um, so, first of all, I think what you're reflecting on is exactly the sort of like the, the thing that would help you the most to sort of talk about, so that's what we're gonna spend our five minutes on. But before I go into that, I do want to sort of highlight that I think you did a really nice job grounding, everything about this conversation in the text, you were asking students, you know, where did you find this? You were telling them, like, let's look at this paragraph. And you should absolutely keep doing that. And that's that those strategies actually are like, we're going to talk about how you can use them to help students who don't have quite a complete understanding, or don't give an answer that you expect. So in terms of that, I think you're totally right, like we want we want them, we want to do something about that. But the question is, what do we want to do? And I think what we what we want to do, first of all needs to sort of put some, at least some of the work on students like we want to find the right balance between giving them support, but also, but not just telling them like, Okay, let's look in the text. Here's the answer. Here's... because we want them to be practicing how they grapple with the text and make sense of, you know, their misunderstanding, but also revising their answer. So I think that's the sort of key thing that I want you to work on is responding in a way. And we'll talk in detail about what that means. But responding in a way that where the student is doing some of that work. And you can, you absolutely can. And there are certainly times where you would want to like go to another student to have them for like an open discussion, but for but it's also important for you as a teacher to know how to ask sort of targeted questions to support the students. So we're going to focus on the target questions for today. That doesn't mean that you should never ask other students, but that is like sort of the highest leverage, like the most important thing, I think, for you to practice to have that toolkit available to you. Does that make sense? 

Teacher  2:24  
Yeah, like that scaffolding? Sort of. 

Coach  2:27  
Exactly. Yeah, that's exactly. Yes. Yes. So in terms of how you can scaffold students, the first thing that I would recommend is when no matter what the answer is, whether it's like a correct one that you that you're expecting or not expecting, is always ask them to provide their evidence for it. And their rationale, which I believe you did with Ethan, you asked him like, that was the first thing you did need to ask them. And that's great, because you, you don't want to start to try to attack helping them until you know where the misunderstanding was. So can you tell me what, what, what was the source of Ethan's misunderstanding?

Teacher  3:02  
Um, how Lisa, like in the beginning, she couldn't believe that she was in headquarter, so I guess it didn't say exactly that. She was excited. But I guess he thought that since like, it's I think he had heard that, like, she was like, kind of amazed by where she was at which like she could have been but excited probably wasn't like the best word to use for it.

Yeah. Okay. So one part is that that part of the text doesn't directly give us clues about how she's feeling. It just gives us clues about how people saw the environment. But there's one other thing. Can you look back at what the question is?

Wait, which question? Is it?

The discussion question. The first one, how does Lisa

 Oh, yeah. Oh, right. Oh, I made that mistake the first time too. And I didn't realize it because that makes more sense. Because it's, yeah. Okay. I see. I feel stupid.

No, that's okay. It's a lot to do at one time. So that's exactly why we're like having this discussion right now. And it just, it shows you sort of how much work it takes as a teacher to sort of process all of the student work and the texts in advance. And I think you did a great job, you clearly have a deep understanding of the text. But it's easy to get tripped up when there's so much happening in a classroom. So hopefully, it's a good sort of practice for that. But so now that you say you've asked Ethan, why, and you've realized where his misunderstanding comes from, what could you now say to Ethan, what could you ask him that would help him realize for himself and change his answer?

to reread the question if it was printed, or like I would repeat the question, that was...

exactly yeah, and it's your choice depending on how much time if and how skilled you think the student is whether you want to say like, okay, but but but the question asks about the lie detector test, like where in the text doesn't say that. Or if you want to ask him, can you repeat the question? I think you might, it might be worth trying the more scaffolded approach today and saying like, Okay, let's look back at the question it asks about this part and then ask Ethan. Okay, where, were in the text does it talk about that? And then you can ask him. Okay, so now that we found that in the text now, what does that tell us about? About her? What does that part tell us about how she's feeling?

Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.

Good, good, um, unfortunately, ran out of time to let you sort of like practice that back and forth with me. But I think you'll do great. And now that you have a sort of framework for, for how to do this. And so remembering that you're going to be focusing on trying to ask questions with the student when they misunderstand, to support them. Great. Alright. So we're going to go back and do the simulation again. You're very welcome, again, to take a few minutes if you'd like to collect your thoughts before we start, and then just let me know when you're ready.

What will they say? Like the exact same thing that they said? Or like similar things that they said before? Like in the same order, or will it be like, from that point when he asked the question?

Coach  5:57  
um, oh, it's we're doing the whole thing over again. You're not starting from you're starting from the beginning as if it never happened.

Teacher  6:04  
Yeah. I'm good. Yeah. Okay, great.

