Coach  0:01  
So how did you think that went, Teacher?

Teacher  0:04  
Um, not as well as the first time I did it. I think I got a little tripped up with the first question. I... I started- I had them look at the wrong paragraph when I should have had them just go straight to -- the second student who didn't- Who got it wrong -- should have had just focused on the area when he was talking about the lie detector results. So I think I kind of fed into the next question, which was probably really confusing. So I messed up there, I think.

Coach  0:30  
I would agree with you. I think that you... You did, like, do a good job generating discussion with the students and asking for text evidence, and when they said something that was wrong, you didn't glance over it. You were like, you know, "No," you know? "What- let's, let's clarify this." And so, you clarify that misconception, which can be a challenging thing because sometimes, you know, you might feel like you're just- You want to skip over it. But it's important to bring out those misconceptions. So I don't think that it was... I think you might have been a little hard on yourself. But I do think that we can work on kind of how we question those things for round two. So like with the first example with Ethan, even though you pointed to the wrong part of the text, that's okay, because the line still kind of alludes to why she might be nervous. But rather than tell him where to look in the text, we want to ask questions that get the students to look back in the text. So we call that a feedback loop. So rather than, you know, say, "Okay, um, you know, if you keep reading in paragraph 22..." So this helps us understand. So rather than point them directly to the text, we want them to find it so we can ask questions that lead them to the text. For example, when Ethan says, you know, "She's really excited, it says it right here," we can say, "That's appropriate, but," or, you know, "That might be how someone's feeling when they get to, you know, their first day, but this is asking you how Lisa's feeling when her lie detector result is brought up. So let's go look there in the text." So kind of just redirect them to the specific point in the text that the question is asking them about, rather than, like, reading them the actual paragraph. 

Teacher  0:34  
Yeah, yeah.

Coach  1:00  
Do you see the difference between those two?

Teacher  2:20  
That makes sense. Yeah. Um-

Coach  2:22  
So, you know, then he might go read through and be like, "Oh, the lie detector test. Like I was, you know- I need to go to the end of the story, read it, find the part and be like, 'Oh, she might be lying. She's nervous. Her hands are clammy, her heart's pounding.'" 

Teacher  2:22  
Yeah. And so- 

Coach  2:24  
And so kinda- Go ahead. 

Teacher  2:42  
Oh no, sorry. I'm interrupting. 

Coach  2:44  
Oh no, you're not. Go ahead, ask your question. 

Teacher  2:45  
So when you say like, for the lie detector part, if I say like where in the text- You know, like you're saying how she's feeling in the beginning, but the question is asking, how does she feel at the moment that Pizmo brings up the lie detector results and that'll hopefully scaffold him into going to that part. What if he still isn't able to find that part in the text?

Coach  3:06  
So I guess- You know, if there is- because that's a good point because sometimes the students aren't gonna be able to find it. This is a pretty quick text, and the student might be able to. But if they're looking through, and they're like, "Oh, here," and they pull out a wrong part, or if they're too long of wait time, you could be like, "Why don't we look starting in paragraph... I think it's 14 or 20."

Teacher  3:27  
Yeah.

Coach  3:28  
And you can direct them there and then say, like, "Why don't you read that for everybody here?" They can read that out and then be like, "So what did you think about that now? Like, do you do you still think that she's excited?" But sort of like, ask those questions rather than read it and be like, "Her heart's pounding, so she must be nervous."

Teacher  3:44  
Yeah, I went- I kind of gave them that answer, I feel like.

Coach  3:47  
That's exactly- So that's exactly we want to do. We just want to ask them, so your question was really valid. So for Ava with the new student intern, how could we respond to her in that same line of questioning?

Teacher  4:01  
Wait, sorry. Ava, who's Ava? Wait.

I'm sorry. Ava asks- Ava says, "She's the new student intern." Sorry. 

Oh, oh! Ava!

Coach  4:07  
I've done this a couple times, so-

Teacher  4:08  
Yeah, yeah. Sorry, I wasn't really paying attention to their names. 

Coach  4:11  
That's okay!

Teacher  4:11  
So what did you ask?

So, when we ask, "Who is Lisa really?" and Ava says she's the new student intern, how might we respond to her?

Oh, I see. So yeah, in that sense, she's like kind of half right in that she's, you know, she's not the student inter- Well, I don't know. But I would probably say... I don't know. I said, "Can you show me where in the text makes you think that?" and she said the first line. 

Coach  4:35  
Right. 

Teacher  4:35  
And, and then I said, "Well, can you keep reading on and you'll find out."

I think that was an appropriate response there. 

Okay.

Coach  4:42  
So I think you said, "Keep reading, we're looking at paragraph four." So just like take out the second half of that. Say, "Okay, well why don't we keep reading. There might be something later on in the text that tells us differently."

Teacher  4:52  
Okay.

Coach  4:53  
Um, and especially because it does tell us paragraph one, she's the student intern. We do want to make sure we're like, you know, "Keep reading. There's something else coming." Or, you know, "Keep reading. There's gonna- The author tells us something that makes us think she might not be the student intern." And so then-

Teacher  5:08  
Okay.

Coach  5:09  
-give Ava a little bit of time to look at the text. And again, if she's still stumped, be like, "Can you read us paragraph four?" 

Teacher  5:14  
Okay.

Coach  5:15  
And ask them. So, I think you've brought up some good points. I forgot to set my timer this time. I think based off of me looking at time, I think our five minutes is up. 

Teacher  5:24  
Yeah, okay. 

Coach  5:25  
I'm terrible at setting the timer. 

Teacher  5:26  
No worries. 

Coach  5:27  
Um, but so thank you. And I guess when we just keep working on this, just have them do the digging for the work rather than telling them where to go, okay?

Teacher  5:35  
Okay, great.

Coach  5:36  
All righty.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
