Coach  0:02  
So how did that go for you?

Teacher  0:03  
I think it went well. I got through most of the questions, and I feel more prepared than the first time I did it.

Coach  0:15  
Okay, nice. So I thought that your tone was, like, very warm and very calm. It created an environment or a space where I felt like students can make errors and it be okay. So I wanted to just commend you on, like, your presence. Where I want to work on is something that I saw you doing in some spaces, but I wanted to push you to do it in other spaces as well. And that is, in the beginning, you were... You... Jasmine said, "Lisa was feeling nervous," and that was the correct answer. You said, "What makes you think that, that she might be feeling nervous?" And that's a cue for her to now go in and find textual evidence to prove her thinking to you, to make her thinking visual to you. But in other spaces where students got questions wrong, you immediately gave them the answer, or...Yeah, you gave them the answer, or you told them in the text where they were going to go. So today we're going to focus on, like, the text evidence piece and when to use it and how to use it. Okay? 

Teacher  1:32  
Awesome. 

Coach  1:34  
So why isn't students giving us a claim enough?

Teacher  1:41  
Because we might not understand their confusion or where their misconception comes from?

Coach  1:47  
Yes. So the claim alone might not help us understand where the confusion coming from if they get it wrong, and then it might -- if they get it right -- it might not fully show us what they're thinking. So what I'm going to do is, I'm going to model for you what I would do for a student if they get a question right or if they get a question wrong. Okay? Because probing for text evidence is something that we do even if it's right or wrong. Okay, and I'm gonna just start by dropping it in the chat.

Okay, so Jasmine says, "Lisa was feeling nervous." That was the correct answer, but I still want to make sure that she- I want her thinking to be visual. So I'm going to ask her- Or I'm going to say, "Thank you, but using textual evidence, tell me how you know this. Thank you. But using textual evidence, tell me how you know this." And let's say that it was wrong. It was Ethan saying, "I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new role." I would still say, "Thank you for sharing, Ethan, but using textual evidence, tell me how you know this. Tell me why you think this." Okay? So tell me why this might be better.

Teacher  3:23  
It will probably be better because we would understand where their lack of knowledge was, whether it was vocabulary related or they didn't understand the background knowledge, and we would have a clearer idea of what made them say that.

Coach  3:41  
Exactly. So let's practice it now. So you're going to be the teacher and you're going to ask me, "How is Lisa most likely feeling when Pizmo brings up the lie detector result?" And I'm gonna be the student. 

Teacher  3:57  
Okay. How is Lisa most likely feeling when Pizmo brings up the lie detector results?

Coach  4:05  
I think Lisa is nervous.

Teacher  4:09  
Thank you! Can you use text evidence to show me how you came up with that?

Coach  4:15  
Well, in paragraph four, it says, "Would he know that his..." Because in paragraph four, it says that she was feeling nervous.

Teacher  4:31  
Yes! Great job using the text to explain your answer.

Coach  4:35  
And so, that's something that you do whether they get it wrong or correct. So, great job following the log. Great job asking questions. I'm excited to see how you're going to implement this in your next simulation. And I think now we're ready to try it in the next simulation.

Teacher  4:58  
Can I ask a quick question? 

Coach  5:00  
Yeah, go for it.

Teacher  5:02  
When I say for an incorrect answer, "Thank you, can you show me how you came up with that answer?" would the other students have misconceptions about what the right answer is? If I am asking for them to clarify it, and if they did point to a part of the text that could, like, seem like Lisa was happy in that moment, how would I help students understand that that's not the correct answer, ultimately?

Coach  5:28  
So you want to do that by allowing the students to productively struggle to get to the right answer. Because a lot of the times, if the teachers doing the heavy lifting and telling them the answer was correct, the students never get to do the hard lifting to find the answer themselves. So when they go to do the work themselves, they don't have the skills to find textual evidence to figure out if their answer is correct or incorrect. So you want to wait until all students have shared their answer or shared what they thought and that students have come up to their own conclusion before you then give them the answer.

Teacher  6:10  
Okay, so it's only okay once they all have thought through their ideas. 

Coach  6:15  
Yes, when they have all thought through it, they all productively struggle to get to their own answers, and then at the end, you can confirm or deny.

Teacher  6:24  
Okay, awesome. Thank you.

Coach  6:26  
No worries. Alright, great question. So now let's... You have a second chance to do the same scenario all over again from the beginning. Do you have any additional questions before we get started? 

Teacher  6:45  
I do not. 

Coach  6:47  
Okay, when you're ready to get started, let me know. I am going to then say, "begin simulation" and we'll start the next round.

Teacher  6:57  
Perfect, I'm ready. 

Coach  6:59  
Alright!

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
