Coach  0:00  
Hey, teacher. So how was that for you? 

Teacher  0:03  
Umm pretty good.

Coach  0:06  
Yeah. Yeah. Things that I liked about what you did was in the beginning, when Lisa said, was... when Jasmine said Lisa was feeling nervous. You told her why do you think that? Why do you think she was feeling nervous? What makes you and that probes for? To then think about textual evidence? Right? I just want to really have that you continue to do that you do that? Even with Ethan when Ethan said, I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job. You said? What makes you say that? Right? So great job probing for textual evidence, just make sure that you're doing a consistent. Hey, what I want to work on is I want to work on what do we do when students give us the wrong answer? What do we do when students get us wrong? So, what are some of your ideas? What do you think we should do when students give up the wrong answer?

Teacher  1:14  
Um, I think kind of, well, first, like, asking them why they might think that the see kind of where they're getting it from? And as, are they like, completely just misunderstanding everything, or they just kind of like, drawing on whole thing, or did they not fully understand the question? And then kind of from that, then going back and be like, Well, then let's maybe think about this again. Kind of like point...and it's like, maybe if they're like, so far off, just going back and being like, let's, we can go back and look at our story. And it says this, instead.

Coach  1:57  
Yeah. Yeah. So one thing that I want to, I want to do is I want to model from you what I would do, okay, you you bring up some really good points too. In your, in your example, I want to connect to this model. So I put the model into the chat. Now, I did not put the model into the chat. That's not the model. Disregard last message, many times like copy and paste this?

 Alright, let's try it again. Alright, there it is. So that's the model. Summary, I'm gonna go through with you. And Ethan  tells me, I thought Lisa's feeling excited about her new job. I know that's an incorrect answer. But the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to say thank you for sharing, using evidence from the text. Tell me why you think this? And this is like connecting to the Why do you think that's peace? But are you specific about using evidence from the text? And I think that's important, too. So using evidence from the text, tell me why this, I know that he's probably going to give me evidence that's incorrect, because his claim was incorrect. But that's okay. Because at least I know that he's coming from somewhere. I know, I know where he's coming from, right. But I'm going to follow up by saying, Is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different, and this one came to Ethan...that his answers wrong? And it's going to give him an opportunity to go back into the text and find additional textual textual evidence after you give him that opportunity, if he still struggles then say, read paragraph four. What do we learn from about Lisa? So I'm getting another scaffold. So I'm guiding him to detect because the goal here is that I want to help them to find the answer on his own I don't want to tell him Alright, so now let's practice you're going to be and you're going to tell me why is Lisa most likely feel...ir how does Lisa most likely feeling about Pismo when he brings up the lie detector results and I'm going to be the Student

Teacher  4:36  
Okay. How is Lisa most likely feeling when Pismo brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  4:48  
Lisa is calm

Teacher  4:55  
 um, Thank you for sharing and using evidence from this text tell me why you think this

Coach  5:11  
um, and paragraph 22 is says she smiled and relaxed

Teacher  5:22  
Um, is there evidence that from the text that might tell us something different?

Coach  5:30  
So, oh, well earlier in the Text in Paragraph 20 It says her heart was pounding so loudly your chest, so maybe she was feeling maybe scared or nervous? Yeah. So great job practicing those lines. We're gonna practice again. But in Scenario two

Teacher  5:56  
okay.

