Unknown Speaker  0:01  
Alright, Hannah, how did she think that went? Um, I got very distracted at the end because of the helicopter? Um

Unknown Speaker  0:10  
Get distracted? 

Unknown Speaker  0:11  
Yeah, got distracted. I think the first one went? Well, I think the second one I could have elaborated on a little bit more. And then like, obviously, we didn't really talk about the third one so. 

Unknown Speaker  0:22  
Well, I definitely think that there were some really strong points, especially with the first question. And the first students response, Jasmine, when she said that she was feeling nervous you even like, you didn't just probe for text evidence, but then you kind of continue to probe for that kind of that inference, that connection, what we call warrant, where you're like, and what makes you think that she's nervous, like, Why does heart pounding make you feel that way, and then that suit was able to make that text to self connection. And so that's definitely a like a great thing that you were doing in a really good type of questioning to engage in with students to really like pull out of them, why they think it is what they're thinking. And I think one thing that we can work on is how you address the misconceptions with students. And so you do when students like Ethan, when he says, I think that she's excited, when you kind of use it as a good segway to the second question, which it does, it can segway nicely, but you told the student, you know, in this story, we get hints that she's feeling nervous. And so let's talk more about that with the second question. But we really want to continue to ask Ethan questions so that he can identify that misconception by pointing him back to the text. So with Ethan, when she says, like, I think Lisa's feeling excited, you ask why, which is totally appropriate. He talks about how one thing is such a cool place to work, they make so much money, it's New York City.

Unknown Speaker  1:49  
And rather than say like, that's one way we could read into it. But I think in this case, she's feeling nervous, we could kind of change our response to lead him to go back into the text. So we could say, you know, that is, those are really cool descriptors of one thing, and someone might feel excited. But this question is asking us specifically about Lisa, and how she's feeling with the lie detector results. So are those descriptions of one thing in the same part of the story as the lie detector results? And then he might be like, no, and then give him some time to kind of look through the text. And he might then go back to the lie detector section and be like, oh, yeah, paragraph 20. It does say her hands are clammy, because she, she lied about the results and like those things might start to click. But if they don't, and he's still like, I don't know what you're talking about, you could then say, why don't you look at paragraph 20 and read about how she's feeling when the lie detector results are brought up. But then that way, he's able to go back into the text and do the work himself. On open, I thought I forgot to set the timer. Sorry.

Unknown Speaker  2:53  
But that way, he can go back into the text himself, and see where his misconception is, and clarify it and revise thinking on his own. Okay, does that make sense? So he then, um, with question two with, um, who do we think Lisa really is? With She's the new student intern. And Ava says that you asked her about the text. Um, she says it's written in the first paragraph. And then you, then your next question is, what about in paragraph four? Like, can you read that for me? Um, I think that we can even revise that question like, that's, that's on the right track of asking the question and not just telling them that it's wrong. But we could even revise that question to say, like, you know, if you keep reading, is there anything that might make you think differently? Then, if Ava might get to paragraph four on her own? If she doesn't, then you could say, Okay, well, why don't you read paragraph four for me. So you were like, really, almost at that skill. And I think the second time, if you just pay a little bit more attention to the asking the questions that give them the opportunity to dig in, rather than asking them questions with exactly where it is, you'll improve with the questioning here.

Unknown Speaker  4:04  
Um, so we if I have a student, and I'm answering the question about how Lisa's feeling, and I say, I think she's feeling calm, what might you say?

Unknown Speaker  4:15  
Well, that would be like the first place that I would ask for, like, textual evidence, right? And so I would say in paragraph 22, it says, Lisa smiled and relaxed.

Unknown Speaker  4:26  
And I would have them, I would probably prompt the student to go back a little bit and just be like well, what's the context of that sentence? For and what happened? Like, immediately after? 

Unknown Speaker  4:42  
Yeah, that would be great. Like what's happening in that sentence? And I'd be like, Lisa smiled and relaxed, he beleives the results. And then he be like, Okay, well, this question is asking, what happens when he first brings it up? Mm hmm. And then I would then be like, oh, I need to go back. So that would be good. A good line of questioning there that is pointing in the direction but doesn't tell them everything. Alright so in the second round you can just work on the questions that you can ask them to point them in the right direction without telling them too much information

Unknown Speaker  5:13  
Okay ready

