Unknown Speaker  0:00  
How'd that go for you Teacher?

Unknown Speaker  0:02  
I think it went well.

Unknown Speaker  0:04  
Yeah, there was something that you did that I really wanted to highlight that you did really well. And that is, when a student got a question, right. Or when a student got a question wrong, you always made sure that ask where in the text tells you that? Where text did you find that? Or made you feel that way? That was super great, and very consistent and really good. There was even this point, when a student gave you a correct answer, I think it was Jessica in the beginning. You asked what kind of clues tells you what that made her feel like she was nervous? I thought that was a really great, clever question to help her to make a connection to help her find like the warrant the why. So I thought that was really interesting as well. Today, what I wanted to practice is I wanted to practice figuring out, or what do we do when students give us the incorrect answer when they give us the incorrect answer. So what I'm going to do today is I'm going to drop, I'm going to model that for you my model, what I would do and how I'm going to model it is first thing to do is drop the model into the chat, so that you can follow along.

Unknown Speaker  1:34  
Okay, so a student Ethen tells me, I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job. I knew that that's the incorrect answer, right? But I'm going to ask Ethan, thank you for allowing me to tell Ethan, thank you for sharing using evidence from the text, tell me why you think this. Ethan is probably going to give me the wrong evidence in the text. But that's okay. Because at least I know that he's able to make a connection based on evidence. And that's a really good skill. The thing I'm going to ask him is, is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different, and now we'll cue to eat them back, he needs to rethink his answer, and push him to go back into text to find additional evidence. I think that saw evidence is really strong and is a really big skill that we want to practice with kids. So give them an opportunity to find textual evidence a second time is really is a really strong moment. And but if the student still struggles to find evidence the second time, then you can direct them to evidence. Read paragraph four, what do you learn about Lisa? Okay, so why might this be better? Why might this approach be better? 

Unknown Speaker  2:57  
I mean, it's more scaffolded. And it's not just kind of I think I was more like, if they got the wrong answer, I was just trying to go to a different student that might have the right answer, but for this, like, giving the warrant for their answer, and then maybe they're kind of seeing like, oh, well, maybe I missed something in the text, if I point them to that, or if they find another thing. So yeah, it's just more scaffolded with that individual student.

Unknown Speaker  3:24  
Absolutely. And great job like realizing, like notice connecting it back to what you were doing in the simulation. Um, so what we're going to do now is we're going to practice you're going to be the teacher, and I'm going to be a student. And you're going to ask me, how is Lisa most likely feeling when Pismo brings up the lie detector results? And I'm going to respond.

Unknown Speaker  3:47  
Okay. All right. How does Lisa most likely feel when Prismo brings up her lie detector results?

Unknown Speaker  3:54  
I think Lisa is calm.

Unknown Speaker  3:57  
Calm. All right. Well, thank you for sharing. So using evidence from the text? What makes you think that she was calm?

Unknown Speaker  4:05  
Oh, well, in paragraph 22. It says she smiled and relaxed.

Unknown Speaker  4:12  
Okay, so is there anything in the text that might tell us something different about how she was feeling?

Unknown Speaker  4:22  
Oh, well, in paragraph 20, it says, like right above it. It says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest. So maybe she was scared or nervous?

Unknown Speaker  4:35  
Right? Yeah, so sometimes when my heart beats loudly in my chest I feel nervous too. So yeah, maybe she was feeling nervous and paragraph 20 tells us that

Unknown Speaker  4:44  
okay, and scene. Great job following the scale and continuing to scaffold with me, okay, like scaffold me to get directly to the writing. So we we're going to practice again in the second simulation now. Okay, so now you get a chance to do the same simulation from the beginning. You have any questions before we get started?

Unknown Speaker  5:14  
Um, no, I don't think so.

