Coach  0:01  
Alright, so how did that go? How did you feel?

Teacher  0:05  
Good? I totally lost track of time. I was like, it's been like three minutes.

Coach  0:14  
Oh, okay. So I'm just setting my timer so that I don't lose track of time. I think you did really, really well with probing students for textual evidence. For example, in the beginning with jasmine, you were like, do you want to expand on that? Why do you think that she's feeling nervous? And that thing that you kept doing, even when they got the wrong answer, which is perfect. Ethan said, I think Lisa is feeling excited about her new job. And you said, What makes you think that she's excited? Do you want to tell us more about that. And that also was probing him to go back into the text and find textual evidence. So you did a really good job with trying to make their thinking visual using the text. What I want to work on today, is I want to work on what to do when scaffolding for students who have misunderstandings. So what do I do when students get the wrong answers? So what do you think? What can we as teachers do? When students misunderstand?

Teacher  1:21  
Um, I guess just encourage them to, I don't know, not like rethink where they're coming from, but like, look more into the texts, instead of just being like, oh, that's wrong, being like, empowering where they got like that from but also kind of pushing back on it and saying, like, let's like dive a little bit deeper into this part that you were talking about and see, like, if we can, actually, 

Coach  1:49  
That's exactly what we're going to do. I hope you don't hear this lawnmower.

 Only a little

Let mesee if I can close my window. Yeah, I hope that's a little better. Okay. So what I'm gonna do is I'm going to model for you what I would do if students misunderstood and then we're practicing. So Ethan tells me, I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job. My response is going to be thank you for sharing ether, using evidence from the text. Tell me why you think this? Ethan's probably going to give me evidence that's aligned to his thinking, but we know that he'sthinking his answer is wrong. So his text evidence might also be wrong as well. That's okay. We're just he's practicing providing textual evidence. And that's a good skill that we're building. But what's important is that we sent him back into the text a second time, I saying, Is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different? If there's something... is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different, which is signaling to him, maybe I need to rethink what my answer is, and look for additional text.

 If he still struggles, when I send them in a text a second time, then I'm going to say, Ethan, what about reading paragraph four? What do we learn about Lisa? So I'm giving him a chance to find the textual evidence on his own twice, before giving him the paragraph to read the third time. Okay, and that the purpose of that is just to create a culture of like, getting things wrong, like it's okay to productively struggle, because we're all productively struggling to get to the same place. Okay, so let's, So why might this be better?

Teacher  3:57  
Um, I, I think just because then they can they're doing their own work to come up with the answer, which I feel like is important. And then it's also like, teaching them kind of the process in itself have like, critically thinking and like, going back and analyzing the text closer on their own, rather than just being like, Oh, I don't know, like, can you read this part again, like right off the bat, because then they're not really like, telling you what their thinking is, or, like going through the process of like, I guess finding that evidence and giving you the evidence? 

Coach  4:38  
Yeah. No, you're right. So now we're going to use what I put into the chat and we're going to practice and be a student and you're going to be the teacher. You're gonna ask me the first question. Why is Lisa...how is Lisa most likely feeling when Pismo brings up the lie detector results? And I'm going to be a student responding

Teacher  5:02  
How does Lisa most likely feel whenPismo brings out her lie detector results?

Coach  5:07  
Lisa is calm.

Teacher  5:11  
Okay. Thank you for sharing and using evidence from the text. Tell me why you think that Lisa is calm?

Coach  5:20  
In paragraph 22 It says she smiled and relaxed. So maybe she was calm and happy.

Teacher  5:28  
Is there evidence in the text elsewhere that might tell us something different about how he says feeling?

Coach  5:35  
Well, in paragraph 20, it says her heart was pounding so loud in your chest.Was she scared or nervous?

Teacher  5:46  
Yeah, that's great thinking. I do think that that heart pounding is definitely trying to signify that she is nervous in this moment. Thank you for that answer.

Coach  5:56  
Great job following along. I think that your tone is perfect and like warm. So it created an environment where it's okay to make mistakes or groups out there. But I'm excited to see you try. Try this skill in the next simulation. Okay. So I think we're now ready to dive into the second simulation. All right. Now you have a chance to to try some new to try the same, to just...Now you have to try the same simulation from the beginning. Do you have any questions before we get started?

Teacher  6:36  
 I don't think so. 

Coach  6:37  
Okay. So we're going to go ahead and start the simulation

