Coach  0:02  
All right, real quick, Lucas, before I start  our five minute timer, do you see the classroom?

Teacher  0:09  
Yeah, just an empty classroom.

Coach  0:10  
Yeah. Okay, well the student... on my screen was black. And I was like, I did not ask him if he saw it. And I thought about interrupting and like 30 seconds into it. And I was like, well, hopefully he can see it. He just said, yeah, so hopefully if he sees kids raising hands, yes. But if you saw it, that's all that matters. Okay. So now that we got that out of the way, how did you think that went?

Teacher  0:33  
Oh, I suppose okay. The second question, was able to get some more elaboration, but wasn't really sure what to do with kind of shifting gears into going into the next question. If that makes any sense. Once they gave me their answers and asked for clarification, I just want like, the one thing I just wasn't sure to do is how to sort of end that. Thinking, like critical thinking about that question, and then get into the next question, how smoothly kind of transition?

Coach  1:05  
I thought your transition was totally fine with like you asked, and you did... and you one thing that I thought you did kind of nicely was you did sort of sum it up. So I think that was something that you kind of went into the next thing, he was like, Okay, well, you know, we've got someone who thinks this, and this is their evidence. And now let's move on to question two. So I actually thought that was a really great transition. 

Teacher  1:22  
Okay.

Coach  1:23  
 The one area that I think I've identified that we should work on, though, is when students have misconceptions we kind of need to not we kind of need to, we need to let them know that that's not a correct answer, and ask them questions to get them to the right answer. So did you recognize any students who had misconceptions or things that might not be right?

Teacher  1:46  
Oh, yeah. So for? Who do you think Lisa really is one of the students said that, that she was just, well, student in turn? It's clear, it was also stated in the passage... on one of the passages, I can't read the exact number, but and one of the passages that she's covered could be blown.

Coach  2:03  
 paragraph four. Yeah, 

Teacher  2:06  
Yeah. Yeah, I was one of them. Okay, yeah. Sorry. I didn't know if, as far as if a student was incorrect. How much if I should even go into clarification, if we were just kind of listening to...so it's just a confusion on my part.

Coach  2:22  
That's okay. So that's something that like, especially with like pre service teachers, and beginning teachers, because it's kind of like a hard line to walk, because sometimes we feel like we don't want to be like, No, that's wrong, because we're in self esteem, and we want them to proceed and things like that. But we can prompt them to fix their misconception, especially with text by just going back to the text. So with that question, you know, she, Ava says, She's the new student intern, and it says it in the first you ask, Why do you think that? And she's like, well, it says it in the first line. And what you could kind of respond with instead is like, Okay, well, um, when we keep reading later in the text, we get an idea that she might not be who she says she is, like, you know, can you keep reading and buying something. And then students could then kind of go into two directions, they could either go back to the text, find paragraph for themselves, and be like, Oh, she says her cover is going to be blown. Or maybe they go back and think about the lie detector. But then also, in a situation a student might be like, Oh, I don't know what you're talking about. I don't see it anywhere. And in that situation, we could direct them to the text and say, Why don't you read paragraph four, they read paragraph four. And they're like, Oh, she says her cover as a student is a like. So we want to give them first an opportunity to go back into the text find it themselves. But if they're not able to do that, and we don't have all the time in the world to wait on them, we can point them to like, Well, what about paragraph four? Or like, Well, why do you think she might have been nervous about the lie detector results? The kind of first ask them to keep reading? And then if they don't find it on their own, give them a little bit more push to the right passage?

Teacher  4:03  
Okay.

Coach  4:04  
Does that make sense?

Teacher  4:06  
 It does. I'm not sure. I don't remember if there was another part of the first question was answered incorrectly or not? I remember, someone said it was nervous. Oh, I get... nervous. Maybe someone answered happy if I remember that. Correct. Yeah.

Coach  4:19  
So they say excited. And that will also be another misconception. And so they give you a lot of text evidence for like why one thing would be a cool place to work. But what we would want to do here is also redirect them and be like, that is true. One thing is a really great place to work. But this question is asking how Lisa feels when Pismo brings up from lie detector results, is that you know, is can you find where Pismo brings up the lie detector results? You know, is that in the same paragraph as your description of one thing, and they'd be like, oh, you know...

Teacher  4:53  
okay, 

Coach  4:54  
and then, you know, again, they might be able to then go find to be like, oh, yeah, in paragraph 20. It says our heart pounding. Or they if they say like, No, I don't know when that is you could be like, Well, why don't you check out paragraph 14 or paragraph 20, or one of those paragraphs that talks about her clammy hands and her heart pounding and things like that. 

Teacher  5:15  
Okay.

Coach  5:16  
 And so we can really just kind of either direct them back to the question if the, if they're getting their evidence from the wrong part of the story, or we can, you know, ask them to keep reading. And in both situations, we don't want to, like, tell them exactly where to look. But if they do get confused, we can point them in the right direction of where to look by saying, check out paragraph four, or paragraph 20. Let them read it and then then things might start to click for them. 

Teacher  5:45  
Okay

Coach  5:46  
Alright, so as we do this next simulation, you can still see the classroom right? And I just want to make sure you're good. You're just going to work on when students have those misconceptions, trying to scaffold their misunderstanding by asking them questions using the text to clarify. Okay,

