Unknown Speaker  0:02  
How did that go for you?

Unknown Speaker  0:04  
Um, I think for the most part of it, I just sometimes have trouble when I'm thinking quickly coming up with the words I want to say, but that's just me. 

Unknown Speaker  0:12  
No, I actually think you did really well, when it comes to probing students for textual evidence, even if the students got the answer correct or incorrect. For example, you told Ethan said, I thought we was feeling excited about her new job. And your response was, Where did you see that in the text? And I was like, perfect, great. And then again, when jazz may give you a correct answer. Lisa was feeling nervous. You said what makes you think she's feeling nervous? So that's a really good job of like, probing them for textual evidence. Um, what I'm going to work on today is what to do when students give you the incorrect answer, how can we support them? Um, so what can we as teachers do when students misunderstand?

Unknown Speaker  1:12  
I think that like the first thing we might want to do as afirm, their like participation, but then also direct them or like, help them find the correct answer.

Unknown Speaker  1:25  
Okay, so I'm gonna model to you what I would do. And I do want to affirm to you that I agree, like the first thing that we should do is affirmed their participation. But I actually want to focus today on how do we push students to find textual evidence. So I'm gonna put my model in the chat, and then I'm going to model for you. Alright, so Ethan says, I recently was feeling excited about a new job, as a teacher know that that's an incorrect answer. So the first thing I'm going to do is a affirm him, thank you for sharing anything, but using textual evidence from the text. Tell me why you think this? This is something that you've done already. So this is good. Now I know that you've been like, give me the wrong textual evidence I'm looking for he might give me something that's aligned to his answer that I know that incorrectly not exactly what I wanted. But that's okay. Because I'm gonna follow it up with is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different? So I'm gonna push him back into the text to look for additional evidence? If he is still struggling, then I'm going to say, read paragraph four. What do we what do we learn about Lisa? Now this last part, read paragraph four, is something that I saw that you did, you were like, if we look at paragraph 19, and you read it for the student You did that. So now you did the beginning part, and you did the end part. Now we have to make sure that you do the middle put the meat the meat, which is having them giving them an opportunity to productively struggle and sign the correct answer. So why might that be a better approach?

Unknown Speaker  3:28  
I think it involves them more in the process, but also for them just to if they realize their response is wrong to learn to keep reading through the text and use other context clues.

Unknown Speaker  3:41  
Exactly. So what we're going to do next is we're going to practice it. You're going to be the teacher, and I'm going to be the student. So you're going to ask me, how is this most likely feeling when Pismo brings up the lie detector result.

Unknown Speaker  3:56  
Okay, how was Lisa most likely feeling when appeasement brings up her lie detector results?

Unknown Speaker  4:02  
I think Lisa is calm.

Unknown Speaker  4:06  
Okay, yeah, calm. Thank you for sharing. Using for the evidence from the text. Where Why do you think this or tell me where you think this?

Unknown Speaker  4:15  
Well, in paragraph 22. It says that she smiled and relaxed, so maybe she's happy and I'm like, fine.

Unknown Speaker  4:24  
Okay, yeah. Is there evidence in the text that might tell us something a little bit different?

Unknown Speaker  4:30  
Well, in paragraph 20, it says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest. So maybe she was scared or nervous.

Unknown Speaker  4:39  
Yeah, that's another good point. Let's look at paragraph four and see if that helps our ideas anymore.

Unknown Speaker  4:48  
And great job. Great job. So now, continue probing students for textual evidence. You can say where in the text if you can use that word textual evidence even better, because it forces them to like go give you textual evidence. A great job. So now now you have a chance to try that same simulation again from the beginning. Do you have any questions before we get started?

Unknown Speaker  5:23  
I don't think so. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  5:26  
so when you're ready to get started, let me know. And we can begin. 

Unknown Speaker  5:31  
I am all ready. 

Unknown Speaker  5:33  
Great.

