Coach  0:00  
So how did he go?

Teacher  0:01  
Um, it was good. Um, I feel like I'm always surprised at how smoothly it actually goes with like robot children. I know. That's not like the point of...how I was supposed to answer that I guess. But, um, but yeah, I mean, I thought I thought it went well, the kids seem to really get it pretty easily. The only confusion was with Lisa being excited. So.

Coach  0:29  
So yeah, I thought that you were like super calm and very confident, um, something that you did that I really like this right off the bat, you were like, Why do you think she's feeling nervous, like probing the students more for textual evidence to push them to go into the text, I just want to continue to like, just praise you on that, because that's something that you should continue doing, like, probing for textual evidence so that they do the heavy lifting. Because you did a really good job of providing them with evidence, but just being consistent with having them do the evidence for you, how you can collect the evidence for you so that you can see their thinking.

Teacher  1:09  
Yeah, that is tempting to not... but yeah, it's tempting,

Coach  1:13  
because it's so much faster if we just give it to them. But today, what I want to work on with you is probing is supporting, sorry, scaffolding to fix misunderstandings and culture of making mistakes. So basically, what do we do when students get the answer wrong? How do we support them? 

Teacher  1:36  
Yeah. 

Coach  1:37  
So why, what can we do as teachers, when students may have misunderstandings?

Teacher  1:44  
Um, I think my first instinct is always to ask them why they think that and half the time they'll explain it, and then realize, oh, nevermind, I think differently. And then the other half, I think it's important to know why they're thinking that and not just that they weren't thinking exactly what I want them to. And then I also think something that I could have said was just like, is something as simple as like, thanks for raising your hand. Thanks for trying, thanks for making your best guess. Because I think that sometimes kids need to explicitly hear that and not just, you know, feel like everybody else knew except for them.

Coach  2:23  
Yeah, because we want to build a culture where it's okay to make mistakes. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to model for you what I would do when students make mistakes, and then we're going to...

Teacher  2:34  
 Yeah, that'd be great. 

Coach  2:36  
So Ethan tells me, I thought Lisa was feeling excited about the new job. I knew that that's the incorrect answer. What I'm going to do first is I'm going to say thank you for sharing Ethan, using evidence from the text. Because this is something I asked everyone, using evidence from the text, tell me why you think this. There's a a really good chance, Ethan will guide me to information in the text that will support his initial thought of feeling excited, so he might give me the wrong evidence. Even if he gives me the wrong evidence, that's okay. I'm gonna thank him for that. Thank you, Ethan. for that. Is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different? So I'm going to send him back to the text a second time. Back to the text a second time is for him to know like, hey, alright, the first time you was was the wrong evidence that we're looking for. So I'm going to send you back a second time to find additional evidence when I'm reading my language from the into the *inaudible*. So once I sent him back to the text asecond time to find additional textual evidence, if he cannot find additional text evidence, and then I'm going to read read paragraph four. What did we learn about Lisa? So it's sending back to the text twice? Before giving him the the paragraph with the evidences. Yeah. And this is so that they can build their skill in finding textual evidence, and so that you can make it normal for students who struggle.

Teacher  4:15  
 Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.

Coach  4:18  
Okay, so why Why might this be better?

Teacher  4:23  
Um, I mean, I think sort of like you said the, if, if kids are not encouraged to answer in the first place, regardless of if they're unsure...0r  will end up getting it wrong, then it will be sort of a pressure cooker of where only kids who always get the right answers, raise their hands. That's one reason but I mean, other reasons are that the student might get it on the second try. The student needs individual scaffolding. So giving them that individualized attention is also important.

Coach  4:59  
Absolutely. Let's try it. I'm going to be a student and you're going to be the teacher and you're gonna ask me, how is Lisa most likely feeling when Pismo brings up the lie detector as a result?

Teacher  5:13  
So should I just ask you now?

Coach  5:15  
Yes

Teacher  5:16  
 How does Lisa most likely feel when Pismo brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  5:22  
I think Lisa is calm.

Teacher  5:25  
Okay, thank you for sharing. That's that's a good point. Can you use evidence from the text and tell me why you think that?

Coach  5:32  
Well, in paragraph 22, it says that she smiled and relaxed. 

Teacher  5:37  
That's true. It does say that good reading. Is there any evidence in the text that might tell us something different about how Lisa's feeling, though?

Coach  5:44  
Oh, well, in paragraph 20. It says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest. So maybe she was nervous or scared?

Teacher  5:54  
Yeah, maybe because people do have their hearts pound when they're nervous or scared. And then if we look at paragraph four that supports your idea, too. What does it say there?

Coach  6:04  
It says that... great job there. Great job following up with additional evidence. Just be ready for that. I think that you're on it. I think that you're ready for your next round. Wait. Are you ready to dive in to the second round of the simulation?

Teacher  6:26  
I am ready

