Coach  0:00  
Hey, Teacher. 

Teacher  0:02  
Hi. 

Coach  0:03  
How did they go for you?

Teacher  0:06  
Um, I think it went okay. Um, yeah.

Coach  0:17  
Something that I saw that you did that I want to really stamp on, because you want to make sure that you continue doing is pushing students to ask you for textual evidence, that was really good. When students didn't go right answer, you were like why do you think this? When students give you a wrong answer, also asking them, why do you think that to push them for textual evidence? Today I want to work on what... what we do when students give us the incorrect answer. Because to fix misunderstandings, the purpose is to fix misunderstandings and to build a culture for making mistakes. So what are some things that we can do when students misunderstand?

Teacher  1:08  
I was kind of thinking, we can look back at the text. So I might kind of prompt them to look... like let's look a little closer at the text and see, like make, you know, maybe Lisa didn't feel excited when Pismo brought up the lie detector results. Um, let's look back at the text and see how he, how she, how she felt... like that kind of thing?

Coach  1:37  
Looking back at the text is a great tool. And we're gonna actually talk about how we can look back at the text or how we can support students with looking back at the text. Because finding textual evidence is a real key skill, cause students need to learn and understand, so I'm going to model for you what I would do. But to do that, I'm going to first drop my model in the chat so that you have access to it.

Teacher  2:01  
Oh, thank you.

Coach  2:02  
Ok, so Ethan says, I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job. I know that that's an incorrect answer. So I'm going to say thank you for sharing. Using evidence from the text, tell me why you think this. So this is something that you're already doing: pushing them to give you evidence from the text. The next thing that I'm going to do, because it's probably going to give me evidence that aligns to his claim, but I want him to give me--I know that his claim was the wrong claim. That's okay. If he gives me the wrong evidence. But I'm gonna get into in a second opportunity to go back in the text and find textual evidence. And we'll do that by saying, Is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different? This is going to prompt him that my answer isn't quite correct. I need to go back in and look for more evidence. If Ethan struggles to give me that evidence, that is when I'm going to do my my third scaffold, which is read paragraph four, or read paragraph 22. What do we learn about Lisa? So the first step is to have them give you the textual evidence, so that you can see they're thinking; second step, push them back into the text so that they can continue looking for textual evidence and practicing that skill. Third step: giving them the textual evidence and having them practice comprehension-- like do they understand?

Teacher  3:39  
That makes a lot of sense, thank you. 

Coach  3:41  
Why do you think that might be better?

Teacher  3:43  
Um, I think that kind of prompts them to understand what their mistake was. And while still like making them use a skill, like rather than just saying, Oh, no, it's not this. It's this. They have to use their skills. And look back in the text to determine it for themselves. And then it feels like less like, they're wrong and more like, Oh, we're just looking for a different answer, kind of.

Coach  4:08  
Yeah, absolutely. So let's practice. You're going to be the teacher and you're going to ask me, how is Lisa most likely feeling when Prismo brings up the lie detector results? And I can be the student. Okay? So go ahead and ask him that question when you're ready.

Teacher  4:27  
How does Lisa most likely feel in Pismo brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  4:32  
I think Lisa is calm.

Teacher  4:35  
Thank you for sharing. So using evidence from the text, can you tell me why you think this?

Coach  4:42  
Well, in paragraph 22, it says that she smiled and relaxed so that's why I think she's calm and happy.

Teacher  4:50  
Let's take a look back at paragraph four. What does that tell us about Lisa?

Coach  4:57  
Oh, paragraph four tells us that she's nervous. But before we say-- tell them to take a look back, we want to give them a chance... 

Teacher  5:04  
Oh-- is there evidence for-- ask if there's evidence in the text that might tell us something different? Okay.

Coach  5:13  
Let's practice asking that question. 

Okay. Is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different?

Oh, up above that in paragraph 20. It says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest. So maybe she was feeling scared or nervous?

Teacher  5:35  
Yeah, good. So read paragraph four. What does that tell us about Lisa?

Coach  5:41  
End scene. So, great job, being ready with evidence. If I didn't have an answer, then that evidence would be like really the next step. 

Teacher  5:58  
Okay. 

Coach  5:59  
Okay, so the next time-- you're going to practices a second time and the second time they'll say it's going to be in the simulation. So make sure that you're giving students chances to go back in the text to find textual evidence a second time. 

Teacher  6:16  
Okay. 

Coach  6:18  
Are you ready for the second simulation?

