Coach  0:01  
All right. Good job. Okay. How are you feeling about your first simulation?

Teacher  0:08  
There's a little bit nervous.

Coach  0:10  
But that's totally okay. I understand I have done practice simulations myself, and it is very nerve wracking. But hopefully, after we have a little bit of coaching, we'll have about five minutes of coaching. And then you'll get to try it again, which is great. And so I'll be your coach. And I just wanted to start by saying you did a really nice job of probing the students for text evidence, each time you ask them a question, what makes you think that where in the text? Does it say that? and you're able to point them back to it in this specific text. So you did a really nice job of that. You even did a good job of pushing for a warrant. And so for example, in the first question, Jasmine said Lisa was feeling nervous. And you said Lisa's, nervous? Why do you think that the students had her heart was pounding and pointed to the text. And then you helped her say, Okay, so the text says, her heart was pounding. We know, when our hearts are pounding, we're often nervous, and you helped push her for a warrant, which is a complete claim. So you did a really nice job of that. So today, what I wanted to focus on with you was providing high quality descriptive feedback. So that we'll take your simulation and make it even stronger. And so high quality descriptive feedback, just labels a desired academic behavior, and explains the impact of that behavior and why it's helpful. This is important because it helps students develop an understanding of the key academic terms and behaviors, and to do them again in the future. So to take what they were doing this time, and to do it again. So this type of feedback will help them understand the text, but it will also help them understand future texts. And so for example, in this one, we had to Savannah said, Lisa is a reporter, because the text kept talking about how she so secretive. And she said in this paragraph, it says, I have all these example ones here. It says, And she gave the exact space in the text. And then she goes, I know this, because if you're rich and famous people want to know who you are and break the story. And you responded, you're making a good point, which is great. She had a full complete and correct answer. But you could use that opportunity to say great answer Savannah, I noticed that you provided text evidence, and you provided a warrant to help me understand why you're claiming the text evidence make sense. And so in that way you would give her. The reason that her answer was good is because it said, here's the claim, Lisa's reporter, here's where it says it in the text. And here's what I know about reporters and when they're being secretive, how that makes it all together. Does that make sense? Why do you think it would be helpful for you to give students descriptive feedback?

Teacher  2:59  
Well, because that way, they won't feel that the answer is incorrect.

Coach  3:06  
And they'll also it's helpful to think about, like if a student uses text evidence, and another student doesn't realize that's what they're doing. But we know and you say, Wow, you did a nice job of using text evidence to tell me your answer that allows the other students to also say, Oh, I'm supposed to be using text evidence when I give an answer. Right. And so by describing the behaviors that you're looking for, specific to I see you using text evidence to support your answer, I see that you thought about the text evidence and your claim and thought about your own life and made a connection. Right. And so in that way, you will help other students learn those behaviors, too. Does that make sense?  Okay, great. And so what I wanted to do is we're going to practice with let me check my time. I always run over anytime we have one minute. And so we're going to practice. I'm going to give an example response. And I'm going to use some text evidence and you can provide descriptive feedback. So tell me the actions that I did that made my answer a good answer. So I might say, I might say. I thought Lisa could be a spy. But I don't think she is a spy, like inspire movies working for the government. I think she's from another company trying to steal one things ideas so her company can make the same stuff. I don't get why the government would be interested in one thing, but if you think about, like Google and Apple, since they make the same kind of stuff, it would make sense that they want to keep tabs on each other and steal each other's secrets. And so how would you give me descriptive feedback for that response? If you're not sure, you can ask and I can give you help.

Teacher  5:05  
Um, because you're saying she's not a spy.

Coach  5:14  
So I said, I think she's not a spy like in the spy movies. But she's a spy, like from another company because they want to steal each other's ideas. And so that's just an example answer. Oops, that's our timer. But what you might say is, wow, you used what you know, to help you evaluate whether the viewer answer your claim makes sense or not. Right. And so that might be a way that you provide descriptive feedback. And so saying what they did well, so I made a connection to what I know like, it doesn't seem like she's a spy in spy movies. But I know that Google, there's lots of companies like Google, and they all want the same IDs. Does that make sense? Okay, so you did a great job of asking them for text evidence, you scaffolded their student comprehension. Now see if you can take it to the next level and give some descriptive feedback when the opportunity presents. You're gonna have a chance to do this same simulation again. So it'll be the same students, you ask the same questions. It's just a chance to push them and push their comprehension in different ways. Do you have any questions before you get started? Okay, great. I'll give you a minute to get ready if you'd like it, and if not, we can get started.
