Coach  0:04  
All right, so how do you feel about the simulation?

Teacher  0:09  
It's a little, um, you know, kind of getting used to, you know, talking to characters on a screen. I think it gives a pretty good feel of what it would be like to engage students in conversation in the classroom.

Coach  0:25  
Yeah, absolutely. And it's also, I'm glad that you felt like it was a good way to practice for engaging students in conversation. I wanted to first start off with something that you were doing really well. And that is, when you followed up with students and said, what was said, that makes sense. Do you think that there are like new student interns? So maybe we can look into the tech, I'm sorry, I'm reading my notes. My notes are like all jumbled right now. 

Teacher  1:03  
That's okay. 

Coach  1:04  
The purpose of what you would do is you are guiding the students back to factual evidence, and pushing them to look for textual evidence. And that was a really great job, especially when they may give you just a claim or one word answer. For the next simulation, I want to focus on scaffolding for students, which means like to help fix misunderstandings and build a culture of making mistakes. And I also want to focus on doing that in a clear way, when we're asking one question at a time, there's something that I noticed that you were doing is you're asking multiple questions over time. So like, which question do they answer? Right? So I want to think about that. So what can we as teachers do, when students, when students have misunderstandings?

Teacher  2:05  
I think kind of steer them into the right direction, not necessarily say that they're wrong, because there could be like, half of their answers right, half of their answers wrong. Maybe we can make them to like, think, again, to kind of reiterate what they were thinking and then to go over the text and maybe create a different end process.

Coach  2:28  
Yeah. Okay. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to model for you what I would do if a student got a question wrong. So I'm a student, I felt Lisa was feeling excited about her new job. Now, my teacher response, thank you for sharing, using evidence from the text, tell me why you think this? Give them time to tell me why they think this? Is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different. And the reason why I asked Is there evidence in the text, is there something totally different? Because they might point to evidence that is the incorrect evidence, right? Because they might point to evidence that tells you that Lisa's excited, but then you want to bring them back to the text a second time. Is there evidence in the text that might tell us something different? Or even if they're struggling to do that? Read paragraph four. What can we learn about Lisa? So the point of this is sending them back to the text. Having them re look at the text a second time to look to see if there is additional evidence they might learn. And then if they're struggling to do that on their own, guiding them to the paragraph, we'll read paragraph four. What do you think about Lisa, what do you think Lisa might... What do you think we might learn about Lisa? Any questions about that? Why do you think this might be better?

Teacher  4:04  
I feel like it allows the students to really go back and delve into their first response to kind of see where they got either confused or mixed up and then actually be able to provide that with textual support.

Coach  4:16  
So now we're going to practice it. You're going to be the teacher and you're going to ask me, how is Lisa most likely feeling and Pismo brings up the lie detector results. Okay, I'm gonna be your student. Are you ready to practice? Yes. All right, go.

Teacher  4:37  
How is Lisa feeling when Pismo brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  4:42  
I think Lisa is calm.

Teacher  4:45  
Thank you for that. Lisa is calm. So what in the text makes us think that Lisa is calm?

Coach  4:54  
Well, in chapter 22...in paragraph 22, it says that she smiled. That she smiled and relaxed.

Teacher  5:02  
Okay, Lisa smiled and relaxed and think she's feeling calm. Um, is there anything else in the text that can make us think that there's other feelings going on with Lisa?

Coach  5:12  
Oh, well in paragraph 20 it says, my heart was pounding so loudly in her chest. So maybe she was scared or nervous?

Teacher  5:24  
Yeah, I mean, the heart pounding does lead to some nervousness. So what else can we associate with Lisa? What do you think may be causing the lie detector results to make her heart feel that way?

Coach  5:40  
Maybe she was lying.

Teacher  5:42  
Yeah, that is a very good inference. Maybe she was lying. So would lying make you feel nervous?

Coach  5:52  
Yes. So you did a good job, I noticed that you did a good job of like sending me back to the text the second time. Next time, try to earn...next time you don't have to add all the additional questions. I know that you were trying to have them make a text to self connection. I think that's great. But you also have other students who want to get involved as well. So that's the end of our coaching session, and I'm excited to see how you use these tools in the next simulation. Alright, so are you ready to begin the next part? The part two of the simulation?

Teacher  6:39  
Yes, sorry. My mic was off.

Coach  6:42  
No problem at all.

