Coach  0:02  
Okay, take a deep breath. You did it. Is this your first time doing the simulation?

Teacher  0:08  
Yes. Even like having some sort of contact with like students. Well--

Coach  0:13  
Ah, okay, well, you did a great job. So I'm gonna just set my timer because our--our coaching conversation needs to be just five minutes also so that it's the same for everybody. But then we'll dig into talking about it. Okay, so tell me, tell me how you think it went.

Teacher  0:30  
I mean, it, I feel like it sort of didn't go as quite as I--as I expected it to go. I did repeat myself most of the time. I feel like I didn't elaborate the discussion more. So I just asked the question. And based on the student's response, I kept asking the other students, like, basically, I just asked each student the same question. And I just, I was just gathering their--their opinions or what they thought.

Coach  1:02  
Yeah. So I think that, first of all, that's, that's an important part of discussion, right? You don't want to just ask one question to only one student and not have other students participate. So I think the fact that it's repetitive in that way is not necessarily a bad thing. But you're also right that we want to, we don't want just each student sort of on their own separately answering, we want it to be a more coherent conversation. So that's exactly what we can talk about how to think about trying that out for the next time. So one thing I noticed is that when you--at the very beginning and also a little bit at the end, you were using more follow up questions, where instead of just asking like, question one to one student, question two question--or question two to each student, after the first student responded, you asked the same student an additional question. So a lot of times you were asking, like, "Why do you think that?" but you only did it at the beginning, and you only did it at the end. So what I want you to try for next time, is asking a follow up question for every student that answers because then you can help students build on each other's answers, because you're not just getting this is the answer to the question. But you're getting more of the thinking process behind what they're doing. But I want you to be a little bit more specific than just asking why do you think that. I want you to ask them specifically, what evidence in the text makes them think that, so that when students are answering, they're answering based on what every student can see on this evidence, and not just some idea that they might have. And that helps you, as a teacher know what they're, like, know, where a student is coming from and what they're thinking so that if they get it wrong, if they're not understanding correctly, you can address that. But it also means that the other students will understand more deeply what the first student said, so that they can then say, Oh, I agree, because I also saw that evidence, or they can say, no, actually, I disagree, because I saw different evidence. And that should help make your conversation a little bit more cohesive and expand what students are saying. Does that make sense?

Teacher  3:08  
Yes, yes, yes. Because actually, I noticed that the students were the ones telling me oh, I find it paragraph one, instead of having me asking them like, oh, where did you find that? Or?

Coach  3:19  
Yeah, so you want to make sure that you're reinforcing that for all the students by asking that kind of question.

Teacher  3:25  
Okay, so basically, the I, it's better for me not to ask them the same question to like all five students.

Coach  3:35  
So you can ask, once you ask your first question--once you ask a question, and the student gives an answer, and then you ask your follow-up question about, you know, where in the text you see that, then you may need to respond to that student. Or you may say, okay, does anyone agree or disagree? You can, you can ask them to respond also. So that that's up to you to navigate. That's like, for this session, it's such a short coaching session that we're focusing just on this one small change that you can make. And once you sort of get that I think, then it will get easier to deal with the other dynamics of the discussion. But for now, I want you to focus just on okay, what do I say after the student answers? My question, does that make sense? 

Teacher  4:19  
Yeah, I think--

Coach  4:20  
Okay.

Teacher  4:21  
--I'll do better, I think.

Coach  4:23  
So I'm going to give you--before we go back into session--and give you a chance to sort of pretend to practice as if I'm the student. So I want you to imagine that I just said that  Lisa was feeling nervous. That's how she feels in the lie detector results. What would you then say to me?

Teacher  4:40  
Where in the paragraph did you see-- *phone begins ringing* Sorry about that.

Coach  4:47  
That's okay. Yes, exactly. That's exactly the kind of question so I want you to try practicing that with each student's response.

Unknown Speaker  4:58  
*No data*

Teacher  5:03  
I got it. 

Coach  5:29  
Okay, perfect. Um, so our coaching session is almost done, but I just wanted to--we got a little interrupted, so I'll take an extra a couple of seconds to say that... what am I trying to say? I'm sorry, I like lost my train of thought. What I'm trying to say is that, like, it's not going to be perfect. You did a great job to start. This is this one little tip that you can use to try out this time. And so I'm excited to see you try asking more students for evidence and then play around with how you respond once they give you the evidence. 

Teacher  6:08  
Okay, I'll try to get to--

Coach  6:09  
It's an experiment. You just get to experiment and see what feels good. Okay?

Teacher  6:13  
Thank you. 

Coach  6:14  
Okay. All right.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
