Coach  0:00  
How did that feel?

Teacher  0:03  
It was good. It was a little confusing though. I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you. I think it cut off.

Coach  0:22  
Can you hear me now? Yes. Okay, so I definitely agree that it can be confusing. But I wanted to work on that during our coaching time, so that the next one can be a little bit better. Okay. So one strength that I saw is that when you noticed that, that you have gone through the questions so fast, you went back, and you started going through them again. So I was like, okay, good, you notice that. Because something that we can always like, one thing that we want to make sure is that we're not seeing rolling through questions just because they give us the right answer. So you want to give as many students a chance to participate.

Teacher  1:14  
Okay, so would you suggest, once one student answers a question, to reinstate the question?

Coach  1:24  
No. I would ask does anyone have to ask if there's anything that anyone wants to add? 

Teacher  1:30  
Okay. 

Coach  1:32  
Okay. So for the next text, for the next simulation, we're going to be focused on thinking about pushing students to give us textual evidence. And the reason why we're going to push that is because once students give us an answer, I'm nervous. That alone isn't enough. And we want to make sure that we can see why they're nervous. You want to make sure that like, we know, we can understand why students think that. And we understand how they're thinking by having them pull out textual evidence. Okay? So I'm going to model this. So a student asked for Jasmine, in the beginning, she said, Lisa is feeling nervous. That's a correct answer, right. But we want to push, you want to push Jasmine to do more to give us more insight. So I'm going to say thank you for sharing. But using textual evidence, tell me how you know this. And I can do this, I can ask the student this even when they give me a wrong answer. So if Lisa told me, she thinks Lisa is feeling excited, I still want to probe that. Thank you for sharing. But using textual evidence, tell me how you know this. How do you think that's better?

Teacher  3:07  
It provides them the ability to look into and explain what they are thinking. So you can see if they understood the text and see if they read and understood what they were, what they're trying to explain.

Coach  3:22  
Absolutely, we can see if they understood. So now let's practice. So I'm going to be the student. And you're going to be the teacher. So you're going to ask me the question, How is Lisa most likely feeling when Pismo brings up the lie detector results? And I'm going to answer that as if I was a student. Okay. 

Teacher  3:48  
Okay.

Coach  3:49  
So go ahead and ask me that question, and then we will begin to practice.

Teacher  3:57  
How does Lisa most likely feel when Pismo brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  4:05  
I think Lisa is nervous.

Teacher  4:10  
So looking at the text, why do you think Lisa is nervous?

Coach  4:17  
Oh, well, I think Lisa is nervous because it says in paragraph 20 that her heart is pounding so badly in her chest. So maybe she was feeling nervous. And so you did a good job of remembering what your line was great job. And you did a great job of like, and by doing that you pushed me back into the text. Okay. 

Teacher  4:49  
Okay.

Coach  4:50  
So I'm excited to see how you do with the next simulation. And in the next simulation, remember, you're going to ask students, more than one student, to answer the question, right and then you're going to use push students to give you textual evidence. So they give you a right answer, textual evidence. If they give you a wrong answer, textual evidence, you want to push them to give you text evidence.

