Coach  0:00  
Sorry, I cut you off mid-- mid sentence--

Teacher  0:02  
Oh, it's OK.

Coach  0:02  
How do you think it went, TEACHER?

Teacher  0:06  
Um, I feel like it went pretty badly, a little bit.

Coach  0:10  
I wouldn't say went badly. Um, what do you think maybe went badly about it?

Teacher  0:18  
Maybe I just didn't know how to respond anymore to the, to the answers in the appropriate way.

Coach  0:24  
Ok. And so, I do want to give you some positive feedback first, it was really clear that you were very prepared, that you knew this text very well, and that you had thought about your questions, and where you wanted students to find those answers. And so that came out when you were giving feedback to students, because you asked them, you know, where in the text does it say that, and then you also had examples ready to go. So it was very clear that you knew what you wanted students to get to. And so together, we're going to kind of work on how we can get students to do that and work on how we respond to them. So that they, can... Your planning can be-- give students-- point them in the right direction. And so we're just going to really work on how we can probe students for text evidence, especially when they might be wrong. Um, we started off when it says, you know, Lisa's nervous because her heart's pounding. And, you know, you respond with, you know, yes, good job, like, and you ask them, how they how they knew that. And that's when the students responded with heart pounding. But then we need to think about when the students answer something, and it's not right. And that can be something that's kind of tricky to navigate. So when Ethan responded, "I thought Lisa was excited." You knew exactly where in the text, we could show that she wasn't excited. So you said "she was feeling excited, but we want to know about the lie detector results." So that's great that you're saying she might be excited earlier, when she enters the building another student intern might be excited because it's cool. But we want to think about these lie detector results. So you pointed the student back to the question, but then you continued to do all the work for the students. So we want to give students the opportunity to go back in the text themselves, directed by you, but then look for the answers themselves, so that they can really clear up their misunderstanding. Does that make sense? 

Teacher  0:43  
Yes. 

Coach  0:55  
And I forgot to set my timer again. Huh, whatever. Okay. Sorry.

Teacher  1:59  
Oh, it's OK.

Coach  2:33  
 Um, so, when... So, when Ethan responds with, "I think she's excited," you could start your response the same way, you could still say, you know, "she might have been feeling excited if she was a regular intern, but we want to know about when Pismo brings up her lie detector results. So Ethan, could you look back in the text, to see how Lisa's feeling when the lie detector results are brought up?" And you could give Ethan a minute to flip through... And if he's like, "huh, I don't know where that is." You could say, "Well, let's look to paragraph 14." And that's when it talks about her heart rate. Or, "let's talk about paragraph 20." Paragraph 20 is really where, after he brought up, I want to talk to you about the lie detector results. Around 20... "Her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest." So if you point students in the right direction, and then have them look in the text, you're giving them a little bit more opportunity to be accountable for their learning. 

Teacher  3:37  
OK.

Coach  3:38  
Do you see the difference between the two? 

Teacher  3:40  
Yes.

Coach  3:41  
They lead to the same outcome, but we're giving students a bit more of their own, like, autonomy and agency to, like, look in the text themselves and come to that conclusion on their own. So let's think about for when the student responds with "I think they're a new student intern." What might you say in response to that?

Teacher  4:05  
Maybe they-- they are a new student intern?

Coach  4:08  
So it says they're a new student intern. But in paragraph four, it comes out that she's not, because it says "would he know that her cover as an intern was all a lie?" So if a student says like she's an intern, it says it in the first paragraph, what might you say in response?

Teacher  4:30  
Look back in paragraph four and see where it says "would he know that her cover as a student intern was all a lie?"

Coach  4:37  
Yes. So you could go ahead and prompt the student to look in paragraph four and maybe read it aloud and say like, "Okay, so do you still think she's a student intern?" And asking those questions the student will hopefully connect, no, she's no longer-- she's not a student intern, it's a lie. And then your students had some great explanations for maybe a spy, or reporter. And you did a good job then it saying, "you know, we don't really know what she could be. But we do know she's not a student intern." So your students as long as they provide evidence and text evidence, and you can say, "where did you get that in the text? What makes you think that?" they might pull real world examples, like I've seen a lot of spy movies. But one thing we want to make sure is okay, so she might be a spy, she might be a reporter, but we know she's not the student intern. And so that way we can clarify that misunderstanding.

Teacher  5:31  
Okay, yeah, I kind of felt that I was um, repeating myself. By telling them you know, who knows, right? We don't we don't really know what she is. But is that-- is that fine? To be--

Coach  5:42  
Um, yeah, I think thats fine, when the student says, you know, once we've clarified she's not a student in return on these other ideas come up, as long as the students justify them. Um, it's, it's true. We don't know what she might be. She might be a spy, she might be a reporter. She might be someone stealing government secrets, like another student said. You know, that-- that's okay. There's not one right answer. So in this next simulation that will start in just a couple seconds. You're just going to work on clarifying misunderstanding by pointing students to the test-- text, and asking them rather than telling them what the text says.

Teacher  6:17  
I don't read the questions?

Coach  6:20  
 Oh, no, sorry. Still read the questions, you're still going to go through the same questions again. But then when when students come back to you with wrong answers, what we're working on in this simulation is going to be asking, you know, asking questions and referring students back to the text rather than just telling them um, "in this paragraph, it says something" we want to tell them it's wrong after they've figured it out themselves. 

Teacher  6:45  
Okay. 

Coach  6:46  
All right. So are you ready? 

Teacher  6:48  
Yes. 

Coach  6:49  
Okay, Begin, simulation.

