Coach  0:02  
Okay, Teacher. How are you feeling after your first practice?

Teacher  0:07  
Good. I ran out of time.

Coach  0:11  
You did not run out of time, we honestly plan for people to make it through two questions. You were perfect on timing. We just add three, just in case. You were perfect on timing. How did you feel about how the discussion went with you and the students?

Teacher  0:30  
I thought it was good, I think. I think people made the students made the differences about Lisa and who she really is. The only thing is during, during the second question, I think one of the students was talking and I couldn't really tell who it was.

Coach  0:49  
Yeah, that definitely happens sometimes where I think especially with the male avatars, their mouths are super small. And so it can be hard to see, that is not a you problem, Teacher, it's totally okay to just, like even say, oh, which students shared that? And they will let you know, and that's totally fine.

Teacher  1:09  
Yeah, yes, though, it was a little confusing, because I couldn't focus on them or say their name.

Coach  1:17  
That is okay. There's no problem and asking them who said that. Generally, I think you can see the girls mouths a little bit easier than the boys, but it's not a worry. One thing that I think you did fabulously well, Teacher, was really trying to push students for text evidence, when they gave you an answer, you did a really, really good job of following up after students shared a claim by saying what in the text makes you say that? Or where did you get that idea. And so when you were probing for text evidence, it really allowed you to ensure that they were having a good thinking process, and that you were seeing why they thought that. I think you did an especially good job at that, when you got the response that she's the new student intern, because then you use that text evidence to help correct the misunderstanding, and help her arrive at a different conclusion, and that was great. One thing I want you to focus on when we try this practice, again, is being very specific with the feedback that you are giving about exactly what makes the students answers very good. So one thing that you did, for example, of when Jasmine shared that Lisa was feeling nervous, you followed up and you asked for text evidence and then Lisa said, well, you know, her heart is beating faster. You responded, yes, that's a good indicator of nervousness, and then you moved on. One thing that I think you could do differently, is follow up by being very specific of, I love that you chose the perfect text evidence to support your claim. You can then either push her to explain why that text evidence supports her claim, or ask another student to explain why that text evidence supports that claim. But as much as we can really be providing feedback that shows our students that we understand exactly what they did correctly, it can help model some future metacognitive responses for them. So for example, you could also say like, I really appreciate how you chose precise text evidence to support your point. Now, let's do a little practice. Where I want you to ask me about the spy like you did in that last scenario of why do I think Lisa is a spy. And then I will be a student. And I want you to practice giving me very precise feedback. Okay?

Teacher  3:56  
So you say that you think Lisa is a spy? Why do you think that? Why do you think, do you have, do you know, anywhere in the text where it leads you to make that conclusion?

Coach  4:08  
Yeah, well, it so the company is called one thing and it seems like a lot of the things that one thing do are super secretive. And therefore I thought that potentially she could be from another company trying to steal one things ideas. And that reminds me of companies like Google and Apple will compete over keeping their ideas secret and who can steal theirs. So she might be spying for another company.

Teacher  4:33  
*inaudible*, you are right in the text. It does say that one thing is very secretive and they have a lot of good ideas that are worth you know stealing.

Coach  4:47  
I think when you did correctly there was that you praise my response with a very specific detail. That was beautiful. I think if you can even be more precise and say Your use of text evidence or your claim or your explanation or your warrant, that can help me as a student, start to learn some of the language that you are using when you are going to be thinking about my own writing as well. So we're going to try to practice again, I want you to keep doing what you are doing with probing protects evidence because you were doing a fabulous job there. And when we do round two, try to be very precise with me with the descriptive feedback of what I did well in my answers. Okay, do you have any questions before we get started with round two? Okay, I am excited.


