Kristyn  0:00  
How did you feel like that one went? 

Teacher  0:02  
Okay. 

Kristyn  0:04  
Tell me more. What did you, what went well, what was hard?

Teacher  0:07  
I feel that for the second question I miss understood. 

Kristyn  0:13  
Okay.

Teacher  0:14  
I thought like who, who is she, like, not as in like, what is she, what she does like, but who she like, like, you know is she a happy person or sad person? And yeah, so I think I misunderstood that. Yeah, other than that I feel that it went okay.

Kristyn  0:37  
I agree. No, I think, I think that you did some things really well and hopefully we can have a conversation now that will help you do even better when you try it again. So one thing that I really liked that I saw you doing was you were asking students how they got to their answers, you were asking for evidence, you yourself, were giving your own evidence and that was super, super helpful. And that really helps the students build their understanding of the text, and you can kind of help clarify and extend their thinking, um, you know, when you ask them to, you know, explain why they said something specific. So really, really nice, nice job on that, um, we are going to talk a little bit in our goal, you know, to make your next round even stronger, by chatting a little bit about how you scaffold student understanding, when they give you an answer that isn't quite right. And that can be like a really hard thing to do, because sometimes it's a little bit awkward, so for instance, um, when one of the students said, "I think that Lisa is the new student intern," that's not quite right, right? Like, what's the problem with that answer? Um, it's partially there.

Teacher  1:57  
Partially right, but it's not, it's it says who she but, like, when you read through the whole, through the whole passage, it, you could see that it could be more than just the new student inter, it also says that she was a, I don't know, I'm super nervous.

Kristyn  2:20  
You're so fine. You're explaining this really, really well. Um, this is a really hard thing to do. So I completely agree with what you're saying she is the student, new student intern. But also there's this hint that maybe she's also something else, right? And so part of what you want to do when you scaffold the student understanding is hold them accountable to seeing that complexity and revising their answer, right? So one way that you can do this is point out other evidence from the text that might disprove or call into question their answer and another thing that you can do is ask them to listen to other opinions in the room, right? So you could say something like, well, let's see what, if Savannah has a different idea and try to get them to revise their answer and this will help make sure that everybody leaves the discussion with correct understandings of the full complexity of the text as opposed to only partial understandings. Um, so in the next round, I want you to really practice asking students to give either an incomplete or incorrect answer, asking them to revise it in you know, one of those two ways. Um, why don't we practice this really quickly? Um, you ask me a question, and I will give you a wrong answer and I want you to kind of help me figure out why I'm wrong. You can ask any of the questions from the text.

Teacher  3:41  
Okay. "How does Lisa most likely feel when Pizmo brings up her lie detector results?"

Kristyn  3:50  
"Um, I think she probably feels happy about it because she's at a new job so that's probably that's probably normal for her. She's fine with it. 

Teacher  4:00  
"Okay, sounds good. But where in the passage makes you feel that?"

Kristyn  4:05  
"Um, well, I'm thinking about like, she got to ride that cool elevator so like, maybe that was kind of made her happy? I don't know."

Teacher  4:14  
"I understand, but if we go to paragraph 20, it talks about how she felt about, about the lie detector tests. And 'her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest that she was sure he could hear it.' When your heart pounds fast, what do you feel when makes it? Do you feel happy when it starts pounding faster?"

Kristyn  4:39  
"That's a really good point, so maybe there's some nervousness there that I didn't notice at first."

Teacher  4:44  
"Exactly, so she, she, her heart is pounding, so maybe she feels nervous because she doesn't know how this lie detector test is going to come out, so maybe she gets nervous or anxious and but yeah, it's good how you see that she, she, she is happy of getting a new job, but she does feel nervous. It shows that she could be nervous or anxious about getting her lie detector test."

Kristyn  5:11  
Good Teacher, that was perfect, so what you did really, really well there was you showed me evidence that was different than the answer that I had given and you helped me see why my answer was wrong, and before you moved on, you made sure that I corrected that. And that's super important when we're working with text to make sure that you know students are explicitly revising their answers to make them fully correct. So great job there, that was perfect. I am very excited to see you give this another round and really just focusing on making sure that students revise and improve their answers throughout. Do you have any questions before we get started on round two? 

Teacher  5:49  
Uh, no.

