Anna  0:01  
Okay, Teacher, how do you feel like that went?

Teacher  0:05  
I think it went pretty well, as far as like asking students to provide their feedback and justification on how they got that answer, what makes them feel that, by going back into the passage and giving me some key like words, like was going on.

Anna  0:23  
I agree, I think you did a really good job of trying to ask students, "what in the text made you think that? Is there another text that relates to that." And so when you were probing for text evidence, that really allowed you to ensure that students were having the right thinking process, and also allowed you to make sure they were really having a well reasoned argument. So you did that lovely. 

Teacher  0:47  
Oh, thank you. Yeah, I was just trying to motivate them and not make them feel like the answers automatically wrong. Just like, because then they'll get discouraged and other students might be shy to speak like their truth, like, "Oh, I feel like she's this."

Anna  1:03  
Love that you brought that up Teacher because I think that's where we can focus in round two, really trying to help when a student is off track to be more directive with them of "Oh, thank you for sharing where you got that information. Now, I think there might be another answer that might be even more precise." And then that will allow when a student does give an answer that isn't necessarily the best one, for you to support them and steer them back on track. 

Teacher  1:34  
Yes. 

Anna  1:34  
So this to your effective, you want to make sure, you told me that you want to make sure that students don't feel uncomfortable. I think what we can do is really set the tone of, "we have a culture of making mistakes, and we're going to give each other feedback and improve together." And that will really helps a lot too. 

Teacher  1:53  
Okay.

Anna  1:54  
So what we want to think about is how can you really be scaffolding student is understanding. Do you remember one point where student gave you an answer that wasn't necessarily the best answer?

Teacher  2:06  
A spy?

Anna  2:08  
Yes, I think the spy I think wasn't as strong as the reporter example right before becuase she did such a fabulous job of providing evidence.

Teacher  2:19  
Yeah, this one was just going back to a movie.

Anna  2:23  
Yeah. I also think, going back to the example of "she the student intern." Now, why is that technically correct, but maybe not the best answer?

Teacher  2:38  
It's technically correct, because that is how the story starts off. 

Anna  2:43  
Mm hmm. 

Teacher  2:44  
But it cannot be the right answer because there's more conclusions as the passage goes on.

Anna  2:51  
That's great. So I think one thing you can do when you are responding to a student misconception is do what you just said their note, "here's the elements that you got correct, but let's look at a different point in the text that might provide us with a different conclusion." That will provide the student the opportunity to really revise their answer and improve. So let's do a little roleplay. Well, I am going to give you a not perfect answer and I want you to practice trying to redirect me to help me arrive at the correct answer. Okay. 

Teacher  3:28  
Okay. 

Anna  3:29  
So we're going to pretend that you just asked me, "How does Lisa feel right now" and I'm going to be a student, okay. "I think Lisa feels angry when he brings up a lie detector results."

Teacher  3:41  
Why do you think Lisa feels angry?

Anna  3:45  
"Well, if someone calls me a liar, I would feel attacked and angry about it."

Teacher  3:51  
"Okay, yeah, you could feel angry your heart could be pounding, but what other conclusions can you also come to when you have your heart racing like that?"

Anna  4:02  
"Oh, I'm like, maybe she was feeling stressed out or worried?"

Teacher  4:08  
"Yeah, stressed out, worried, and nervous, anxious. She's maybe excited."

Anna  4:18  
Okay, so Teacher, what you did perfectly there was you gave me a detail from the text and then asked me, "What would someone feel based on that information from the text?" I think then what you can do further is have me as the student draw the connection as well, where you affirms that "yes, she might be feeling nervous or anxious." Then you can go back and ask me a quick follow up of "why would she feel anxious about the lie detector results," that will allow me as a student to really have a fully scaffolded response when something is incorrect, and then I will feel much better about my experience.

Teacher  4:56  
Okay, yeah and I get that, thats perfect.

