Speaker 1  0:03  
Alright, let's see, how'd you think that went?

Teacher  0:06  
Um, I think it went okay.

Speaker 1  0:08  
You think it went okay. Okay. What do you think that he was good? And what do you think maybe made it a bit more? Okay.

Teacher  0:15  
Um, well, they responded. So that made it okay.

Speaker 1  0:21  
But close (inaudible)

Teacher  0:23  
But then I didn't know like, I mean, when they responded, I didn't know if I should add to their response to give them feedback. I mean, I was having a little bit of trouble there.

Speaker 1  0:35  
Yeah. And I think that's definitely understandable to kind of figure out where you need to ask more questions and where you give more or less feedback. And so I want to start by giving you some positive feedback, you always ask your students, what makes them think that why you never just let them respond with excited or nervous or student intern, you always probe them to ask a little bit more about why they thought that which referred your students to the text, and so to, I think the area that we're going to work on kind of works along well with what you were saying, if not really sure where to probe deeper. And it's going to be with addressing misunderstandings. So sometimes we had students give two different answers. And you always responded with, okay, so we think she's either nervous or excited. And so we could continue kind of that discussion and being like, Well, which one is she feeling? Because we want to make sure that we've developed student's understanding of what the right answer is. Does that make sense to you? 

Teacher  1:42  
Yes. 

Speaker 1  1:43  
And so when students do misunderstand, we want to continue to point to the text so that they can clear up the misconception they have. So let's think about when the students said Lisa was excited. Yeah, um, the student use the text and said, You know, it's in New York City, I want to go to New York City, it's this fancy elevator is this cool job. So they gave lots of reasons for why they might be excited or another student intern. But we need to go back to what the questions asking us about how Lisa's feeling with the lie detector results, because that's really what we're asking here. So if a student says, you know, I think Lisa's excited because it names all these exciting things from the text, we might want to go back and ask them, you know, great job using information from the text to support your answer. But this question is asking us about how she feels later in the story when Pismo brings up the lie detector test. So let's go look at paragraphs 14, and paragraph 20, to figure out how she's feeling. So it might involve you pointing the student to the text. But you might also say, when the lie detector results are built, with Elijah Tector, results are brought up, how is the feeling? And then that might encourage the student to look in the text. So you can either ask generally, or points into a paragraph. But we want to clear up a misunderstanding and address it so that the students don't think that there's multiple answers, because sometimes in these stories, there are multiple answers, but we at least want to pick out the ones that are wrong. Does that make sense? Yes. So with the student intern question, so when we know from paragraph four, she's not a student intern because it says her cover as a student intern was all a lie. So if a student says they're the student intern, we might say, hmm, let's let's go look back in the text at paragraph four. What does it say there? And then the student might realize that maybe they skipped that part over when they read the first time. Um, so let's think about if I was a student, and I said, I think and you asked me how she's feeling. How was Lisa feeling when Pismo brings up the lie detector test? I raised my hand. I say I think she's calm because in paragraph 22, it says she's relaxed. What might you say to me?

Teacher  4:23  
Okay, but my question is how Lisa is feeling about the results of the lie detector, do you want.. wewe can go back to...what paragraph? I said 22. Okay.

We can go back to paragraph number 22 And we can read it again.

Speaker 1  4:44  
Okay, so then I'm pulling out mine to sorry, and I say in paragraph 22. It says, Lisa smiled and relax. He believes the falsified lie detector results. I'll do my best to do that Lisa promised. So says she's relaxed

Teacher  5:00  
Yes, but we want to know how she was feeling at the beginning. No,

Speaker 1  5:05  
Ohhh, so not after the lie detector like before he says it's okay. Yes before. Oh, okay, so then I can go back and read up and see where I was wrong. Do you have a better understanding now kind of how you can ask those questions to scaffold their misunderstanding? Yes. Okay, great. So um

