Coach  0:02  
Alright, so how did that feel?

Teacher  0:04  
Um, it felt a little--it felt okay. It was--it was cool.

Coach  0:10  
Okay, so something that I noticed, that you did really well is your tone with your class was super awesome. Like you were very relational with them, like it felt--it felt like a place where, like I could learn and my teacher is like--had this warm vibe. So it was, like your tone was great. Something else that I also noticed was you you really took a different attempt when it came to using textual evidence, like you allow students to give you answers, right or wrong, and then give tehm textual evidence to to describe their answer, or to reflect on the answer. What I wanted to do with you today is I really wanted to--I really want to focus on the evidence piece. Because even if you were using textual evidence, you were doing the heavy lifting of finding the textual evidence, it's actually very important that children learn how to find their own textual evidence, because that's a strategy that they're going to need as well. So now we're going to be pushing the onus on looking for textual evidence onto the students. Okay? 

Teacher  1:29  
Sure. 

Coach  1:30  
So, and this is just to make sure that they have solid thinking processes, and that we can see their thinking. 

Teacher  1:38  
Okay. 

Coach  1:39  
Okay. So I'm gonna model for you how I would do this.

Teacher  1:43  
One hundred percent.

Coach  1:44  
Let me think how to do this. So Jasmine gives me an answer. Lisa's feeling nervous. I would just respond, "Thank you for--thank you. But using textual evidence, tell me how you know this." So she gives me a correct answer. And even if they give me an incorrect answer, thank you, but using textual evidence, tell me how you know this. 

Teacher  2:13  
Okay. 

Coach  2:17  
Why is this better or different?

Teacher  2:23  
Wait, are you asking me?

Coach  2:25  
I'm asking.

Teacher  2:27  
Okay, um, I guess it because like you said it, it kind of makes the students recall on what they just read. Because a lot of the times, I mean, I assume I can be wrong, right? But maybe they they've read it somewhere, but they forgot about it. And then when you ask them that question, they're essentially kind of forced to look for it and be like, I've read it somewhere. Like, I know, this is factual, because I had just recalled this a couple of minutes ago or yesterday, or whatever the case may be.

Coach  2:56  
Yeah. So like, and that's the thing, like they forget with it, like it's very easy even for adults to forget what they read. So going back and looking for textual evidence, that's like an actual skill or a practice that you have--it's a muscle that you have to keep doing. So that's why we ask students to do that over and over again, so that they're able to use the textual evidence and find the textual evidence on their own. So let's practice this. I'm going to be a student. And you're going to ask me, how is Lisa feeling when Pizmo brings up my detector results. You're going to be the teacher and I'm going to be the student. You're going to probe me for textual evidence.

Teacher  3:41  
Alright. How does Lisa most likely feel when Pizmo brings--brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  3:52  
I think Lisa is nervous.

Teacher  3:56  
Ah, man. I forgot. Okay. So. Okay, so you think Lisa is nervous? And how did you come to that conclusion? Where did you... I guess--oh, Jesus, I--that's really difficult. That's really, it's very-- 

Coach  4:12  
Yeah.

Teacher  4:12  
You got me tongue twisted. 100% Can you just read me the very first example, remember, you were like I would say something like this? 

Coach  4:22  
Yeah. I'm going to--I'm gonna type it into the chat just so you have it.

Teacher  4:27  
Yeah. 100% Thank you so much. Oh, evidence. Tell me how you know this. Okay. Got it. Okay, so then I would say I guess... um, okay. So you think that Lisa's nervous? Thank you for your answer. Um... using, I guess, textual evidence or text from the reading, tell me how you came to this conclusion or tell me how you know this.

Coach  5:03  
Okay. And I would say, I think Lisa is nervous because it says so on paragraph four... and scene. So I think that you need to practice using thank you... text evidence. 

Teacher  5:23  
Okay. 

Coach  5:24  
Okay, so just remember the word text evidence using text evidence, or using textual evidence or evidence from the text, how do you know? So anytime students give you answer and it's just, I'm nervous, she's calm, I think... like it's just that claim, probe them to give you text evidence. So I'm excited to see how you're gonna do that in the next simulation.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
