Coach  0:00  
How did that feel? How was the simulation?

Teacher  0:08  
I was nervous, but I felt so-- it's my fault. Because I printed out the stuff. And then I came to you telling me to use the Wi Fi and I couldn't find the printing thing. I had everything highlighted, but I was gonna like, Okay, go back on. And I felt-- uugh! Yeah, I felt unprepared. I felt like, I know I could do better.

Coach  0:34  
I know you can too. One thing that I thought was absolutely awesome is your tone with students. Like you were so warm, and so kind, and so relational. And I can tell by the questions that you asked students that you really wanted to get them involved. And you really wanted to build that relationship with them. And it felt very authentic. Okay? But one strength... Today, for our next simulation, I want to focus on probing students for textual evidence, to ensure that the good-- that good thinking is happening and to see-- see their thinking... See their thinking through their ability to find the answer within the text. 

Teacher  1:19  
Mm-Hmm. Okay.

Coach  1:20  
So why is them... Why is just getting the claim not enough? I'm saying Lisa is nervous. Why is that not enough?

Teacher  1:33  
I guess it's too broad, that one point, but they could always just be guessing, you know, so it would be best to actually put it into like, Okay, you say this now, why do you think that? Right? Where in the-- in the story do-- does that get-- like, why do you come up with that opinion? Oh, my gosh, I'm like stuttering. So--

Coach  1:56  
no worries, I got-- I got-- I get where you're going. So now I'm going to model it for you.

Teacher  2:01  
 Okay. 

Coach  2:03  
Jasmine, in the beginning, she starts off by saying, Lisa is feeling nervous. Right? Like an answer. Like Lisa is feeling nervous. The first thing that I'm going to say is, "thank you. But using text-- evidence from the text, tell me how you know this. Thank you, but using evidence from the text, tell me how you know this." Or you can say, "Great. Can you tell me where in the text supports your answer?" Either way, like, giving them-- probing them to go back into the text to give you their answer. Why is that better? Why is this better?

Teacher  2:49  
Because you know that the students are-- well, first off, they read the book. And they understand where they got-- why, why they think like that.

Coach  3:00  
Absolutely. So now we're going to do a quick practice. You're going to ask me a question, why-- the first question. Or, how is Lisa most likely feeling when Pismo brings up the lie detector results? And I'm going to be the student. So start us off with question number one.

Teacher  3:25  
How does Lisa most likely feel when Pismo brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  3:32  
I think Lisa is nervous.

Teacher  3:37  
Thank you. Thank you. Where in the text does that support your answer?

Coach  3:44  
Well, it says in paragraph four. He says that she was nervous in paragraph four.

Teacher  3:53  
Can you can you read the sentence out loud?

Coach  3:56  
It says "Lisa could feel herself growing nervous as they neared Lab 302."

Teacher  4:06  
Is there another-- Is there another evidence that you can show me that also says that she's nervous?

Coach  4:16  
In paragraph 20, it says "her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest that she was sure he could hear it."

Teacher  4:30  
Well, thank you for your answer. And... Am I supposed to move on?

Coach  4:36  
 yeah, no. 

Teacher  4:37  
Okay. Okay. 

Coach  4:41  
Yeah, you did a great job of probing them for textual evidence there, you pushed me to go into the text. You even pushed me to find a second place, I was like, ooh, you're really pushing me today, but you did great there.

Teacher  4:54  
 Okay. 

Coach  4:54  
So I'm excited to see how you try probing students for textual evidence in the next simulation, okay? Now we're going to go ahead and transition over to doing that next simulation. So now you have a chance to try the same simulation again from the beginning.

Teacher  5:20  
Okay. 

Coach  5:22  
Do you have any questions before we start?

Teacher  5:25  
Can I do a little quick look on the story real quick, or...?

Coach  5:30  
Yes. 

Teacher  5:31  
Okay. 

Coach  5:31  
I'll give you a minute to do that 

Teacher  5:33  
Okay. [PAUSE WHILE TEACHER READS] Okay.

Coach  6:38  
Alright, perfect. So once again when I say begin simulation you're going to start with the first question, okay?

Teacher  6:46  
Okay.

Coach  6:46  
 Alright. Begin simulation.

