Coach  0:06  
Okay, so how did you feel?

Teacher  0:09  
I feel good. I was a bit, uh, lost between the questions. I think I kind of got a hang of it. Eventually. Yeah.

Coach  0:16  
Yeah. I actually--something that you did really well was you go after when--students like Jasmine, Jasmine said, Piz--Lisa was feeling nervous and you're like, okay, why do you--why do you think that she's feeling nervous? And you're probing them to like, think why? Like, they were giving you textual evidence. You were doing a good job with like, pushing them to think why, and pushing them to give you textual evidence. But for today's coaching session, I want to focus on--for the next simulation, I want to focus on scaffolding for students when they give you an incorrect answer.

Teacher  1:00  
Okay.

Coach  1:00  
 What to do, when students give an answer that's not correct. To fix misunderstanding, and to build a culture of making mistakes. So what can we as teachers do when students make mistakes?

Teacher  1:19  
Right away, we jump into correcting them, and giving them the right answer, but guiding them towards the right answer, you know, maybe the answer they gave is not fully incorrect. And they might be going in the right steps. So we can just guide them on looking back over the text or reviewing the things that they already know in order to find the correct answer.

Coach  1:39  
Absolutely, and I want to model for you how to do that. So Ethan tells me, "I think Lisa's feeling excited about her new job." I know that Lisa isn't feeling excited about her new job. I know that that's an incorrect answer. So I'm going to follow up by saying "Thank you for sharing, using evidence from the text, tell me why you think this." So Ethan's immediately going to give me evidence from the text that tells him why she thinks Lisa is feeling excited for the new job. And that's okay, he can give me that--that side of text because I want to know where he's thinking. But then I'm gonna follow up by saying, is there an--is there more evidence in the text that tells us how we say this feeling--different evidence in the text that tells us how Lisa's feeling. So now I'm going to give him a second opportunity to go back into the text and find textual evidence. 

Teacher  2:35  
Okay.

Coach  2:36  
If Ethan is still struggling after the second opportunity, after I say, "Is there--is there another--is there more evidence in the text that might tell us something different?" Then I'm going to guide him to a paragraph. "Ethan, read paragraph four. What do we learn about Lisa?" So, as a recap, we're sending them to the text twice, before we're giving them a paragraph. I'm gonna practice this. But before we practice this, I want to put it into the chat, just so that you can read it over as well. So that's--you can give me an incorrect answer. And my response is, "Thanks for sharing. Using evidence from the text, tell me why you think this." Followed by, "Is there evidence in the text that might tell you something different?" And finally, "Read paragraph four. What do you think about this? What do we learn about Lisa?" Why do you think this might be better?

Teacher  3:54  
Uh... like them reviewing it again? So--so why do I think it's better for them to go back twice? Or?

Coach  4:13  
Yeah, like, Why do you think was process might be better? Instead of, um... something that you were doing was saying, okay, great. Like you were--you were accepting that wrong answers and moving on.

Teacher  4:28  
Okay. Oh, well, I think it's better like that because, um, the students get to actually see it in the text, why their answer might be the incorrect one. It kind of guides them and refreshes your memory on what happened during the text.

Coach  4:48  
Absolutely. So let's practice. You're going to be the teacher and I'm going to give you an incorrect answer. You're going to ask me, "How is Lisa most likely feeling when Pizmo brings up the lie detector results?" And then I'm going to give you an incorrect answer. So when you're ready...

Teacher  5:14  
How does Lisa most likely feel when Pizmo brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  5:19  
I think Lisa is calm.

Teacher  5:23  
Okay. Where in the text have you found that she is feeling calm?

Coach  5:29  
Well, in paragraph 22 it says that she was--she smiled and relaxed.

Teacher  5:36  
Okay, yeah, so Lisa did smile and feel more relaxed. But this was the--the text says that this was when Pizmo looked into her lie detector results saying that she was of good quality and that she was being honest with him. But go back more further into the text and why else would she be feeling calm?

Coach  6:03  
Well, in paragraph 20, it says that her heart was pounding so loudly in chest, so maybe she was scared or nervous.

Teacher  6:11  
Okay, yeah. So you see how, as further we go, Lisa seems more nervous rather than calm. As well, we could see some evidence that that her hands were feeling a bit clammy. Meaning that she was probably feeling more nervous than calm in the text.

Coach  6:29  
Perfect, and scene. So great job there. We have to jump right into your next scenario. So I'm sorry for that. But you did-- 

Teacher  6:38  
Thank you.

Coach  6:38  
Okay.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
