Coach  0:00  
Alright, Teacher, how did you think that went? 

Teacher  0:03  
Um, good.

Coach  0:05  
 Good. What are some things that you think you did well?

Teacher  0:08  
 Um, I was asking them like, why they gave that answer in like, I'm, like, why they thought what they were answering?

Coach  0:20  
I think so too. i You asked about why. And then I also think that you, when students did answer incorrectly, you didn't affirm that you said, you told them that that wasn't right. And that, um, I think that's an important thing, that lots of times we want, we want to avoid, because we're worried it might hurt their feelings. But it's important, like you noted to say, no, like, that's not correct here. And you gave them the reason why. So I'm going to kind of work off of that, that good part where you, you identified that it was incorrect. But we're going to also work on how we tell students that it's incorrect, or not how we tell them, but how we ask them to realize it's incorrect. So you clearly did a lot of work, and read this reading and identified the areas in the text that related to each question. Great, because it's always good to be prepared. But we want instead of telling the students why their answers are wrong, we want to ask them why their students are wrong, so that they still do the work. Do you understand the difference between the two? Yeah. So if we point students to the text, we can then they can look for the answers themselves. And then you can be like, yes, exactly. You know, we see that she's not excited, because she lied, and that would make her nervous. But give the students the opportunity to find that information first themselves. So in your, in this practice round...oh, shoot, I forgot to set my timer. So in this practice round, we, the student who said, um, you know, I think she's excited. You ask them why, and they gave their text evidence, but then you were like, well, but she's lying about something. So wouldn't you say she's nervous? So instead of responding with that, we could respond with like, you know, good job finding text evidence. But this question is asking us about how Lisa feels when Pismo brings up the lie detector results. How does she feel in that part of the story? So then, the student might find the information that you were talking about, oh, she liked, she lied. So maybe she's nervous, the student might make that connection on their own, because you asked them about it, rather than you told them. Do you see the difference? Yeah. Okay, so what about? If I were, if I were to say, I think she's relaxed? What would you maybe say to that? If I said, I think she's relaxed?

Teacher  3:00  
And why would she say that she's relaxed?

Speaker 1  3:03  
Because it says in paragraph 22, that she's, um, she's relaxed. Now that Pismo told her she can come back to work the next day

Teacher  3:15  
 Um, but it's asking about how she felt when Pismo brought up her lie detector results. 

Coach  3:24  
Oh, okay. So I was talking about after the lie detector results. So I guess I need to go back and read a couple paragraphs before. Um, I guess she's nervous, because she doesn't know what he thinks yet. So do you see how you're able to point me in the right direction? Yeah. Okay. And maybe let's think about another one. If I said that she's the student intern. So when we think about question two, and you asked who she might really be, and I say she's the student intern? How can you point me in the right direction, this time using the text?

Teacher  4:09  
In paragraph One, umm, What does the last sentence say? Or? I don't know. 

Coach  4:23  
So what you can do is you could say, let's keep reading, um, in Is there anything later in the text that tells you she might not be the student intern? And if the students still like, I don't know, we could then ask them about paragraph four. And you could say, you know, read paragraph four, do you think she's still the student intern? Um, and by pointing them in the right direction of the text, they're able to kind of make these make these inferences and figure out the answers on their own so they're still doing most of the work. You see the difference?

Teacher  5:00  
Yeah

Coach  5:00  
 Okay, good. So um, we're gonna be able to start the next round of the simulation and in this round, I just want you to think more about how you can ask the students who might have a misunderstanding rather than tell them the right answer. It's still important to note like, that's not quite right let's keep reading or you know, that's interesting. Let's read another part of the story. But we want to make sure that they do the work to figure it out on their own. Alrighty, begins simulation

