Coach  0:00  
How are you feeling about your first simulation?

Teacher  0:04  
I think it went pretty good.

Coach  0:06  
Good! That's great! Alright, and so, what we're going to do is I'm going to talk about the things that went really well and then give you some strategies for it to go even better the next time. Okay?

Teacher  0:16  
Okay.

Coach  0:16  
So you did a good job at the very first student. She said, "I think Lisa was feeling nervous," and you did a great job of pointing her right back to the text and asking her to provide you with text evidence. "What makes you think she was nervous? Did she say or do anything?" That was a really strong thing. We're always looking for candidates to point the students back to the text to give evidence. Today, we're going to work on helping you scaffold the student's understanding so that they come to a complete understanding in the end. And so, what I noticed when you were doing this at times you were trying to help them get to the correct answer, but sometimes you gave them the correct answer without giving them the like, here's the piece or the stepping stone where they got there themselves. Does that make sense?

Teacher  1:00  
Yeah.

Coach  1:02  
And so, this time, we want to make sure that you are helping students come to a full claim. So we want them to say a claim, provide text evidence, and then also give a warrant. A claim is, "Lisa was feeling nervous." The evidence was- would be, "On this page in this paragraph, it says..." The warrant would be, and you heard it at the end, "Oh, my heart pounds when I'm doing a flag competition." So she ultimately got to the warrant. And so, what you could do is, when you have "Lisa was feeling nervous," you prompted her to the text. When she gave you the text, you can say, "Okay, great. So have you ever felt nervous? How do you know that when your heart is pounding, you feel nervous?" And that would make a complete and full understanding? Does that make sense?

Teacher  1:48  
Yes. 

Coach  1:48  
Okay. And then another example of this when you can scaffold for full understanding, Ethan said, "I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job." And you responded, "An internship is always a little exciting." And then you sort of moved on. And so, Lisa wasn't really excited about her new job. We knew that from the text. You let him say his answer without correcting or scaffolding that. And so, next time, it would be helpful if you said, "What part of the text made you think she was excited?" And then if he says, gives you an answer, that's like, "Huh." And it's still- he's still trying to prove to you that he's excited, you might say, "Let's reread this part in the text." And so you could point him to a part of the text, and in that way, he would build the correction and he'd help the understanding, and you're sort of the one facilitating to get there. Does that make sense? 

Teacher  2:39  
Yes. 

Coach  2:40  
Okay. Why do you think it would be helpful... Better if you helped them find the answer versus telling them the answer? 

Teacher  2:47  
Okay.

Coach  2:49  
Why do you think that would be better?

Teacher  2:51  
Oh, I'm sorry. Well, so that they can think about it and get the right answer on themselves so they can get independence in the classroom?

Coach  3:01  
Exactly. That's great. And so, I really saw the part where you were doing a lot of the thinking work in the end, when you started bringing up, "Do you think she's a spy? Do you think she's a reporter?" And in that way, you were sort of telling them what it was and then they were building ideas. And so instead, "What do you think, who do you think she is?" So when you asked, "Who do you think Lisa really is? What makes you think that," you also included, "Do you think she's a reporter?" So you sort of gave them the answer without letting them get there. And so, then when Ava said, "I think she's the new student intern," that's one possible option. We don't really know who they are based on the excerpt that we have read. And so you might say, "That's great you used..." And you could describe like, "So Ava told me she's the new student or intern because she referenced this page number and she's had this experience. Does anyone thinks something different?" And then you might get another example. Does that make sense? 

Teacher  3:55  
Yes. 

Coach  3:55  
Okay. So we are going to practice. I'm going to give an incorrect answer. I'd like you to try to scaffold my understanding to get to the correct under- correct answer. Does that make sense? 

Teacher  4:08  
Uh-huh!

Coach  4:08  
Okay, so you might ask me, "How do you think Lisa's feeling?" and I would respond, "I think Lisa's feeling angry when he brings up her lie detector results."

Teacher  4:19  
Why do you think makes her- she's feeling a little angry?

Coach  4:22  
I don't know. I don't like when people think that I'm lying.

Teacher  4:27  
But is there anything on the text that can make you see or think that she's feeling angry? 

Coach  4:33  
Hmm, let me look. 

Teacher  4:35  
Okay. I'll give you a minute to look into it.

Coach  4:38  
Okay. Hmm- Oh, I see. In paragraph four, it says Lisa could feel herself feeling- growing nervous. Oh, no. So she must not have been angry. She must have been nervous. I get it.

Teacher  4:51  
Yes, okay. 

Coach  4:53  
Yeah. So that's great. That's exactly what we're looking for. And you can even prompt, like, you can let them look into the text and they should know. And you can even say- oops, that's our timer. If they can't find it, you could say, "Why don't we look in this paragraph?" So that could be the second step. Like what in the text makes you think that? And if they say, "I don't know," "Let's look at the text and see if we can find the answer. Please look at..." and then tell them exactly the line to go to. Does that make sense? 

Teacher  5:19  
Yes. 

Coach  5:20  
Alright, great job. So now you're going to have an opportunity to do the same simulation again from the beginning. This time, you're going to try to help scaffold them to complete understanding. Do you have any questions before we get started?

Teacher  5:33  
Not so far. 

Coach  5:34  
Okay, great.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
