Coach  0:00  
How did that go for you?

Teacher  0:03  
I think it went well, I just felt really tongue tied.

Coach  0:08  
No, I am, I didn't feel that way at all. Now, I want to first start off with a positive. And something that I noticed that you did really well, when Savannah asked you, or she gave you a really great answer, right? And you were able to identify like, that was an excellent answer, because you gave me textual evidence. And I was like, perfect. You know why her answer is excellent, so now let's think about how can we make sure that other students provide you that same excellent answer by making sure by pushing other students to provide textual evidence as well.

Teacher  0:57  
Okay.

Coach  0:59  
So that's what I want go over today. So why do you think it's important for students to not just give you a claim, but also to give you textual evidence?

Teacher  1:14  
Um, because that way, like, the teacher knows that they actually read the text, and they're not like, just coming up with something with like -

Coach  1:26  
Yeah, they actually read the text and not just coming up with something. Absolutely. So now, let me model for you what this looks like, and I'm gonna put this in the chat as well. So a student tells me, "Lisa is feeling nervous." Okay, I'm a teacher and a student tells me that "Lisa is feeling nervous," I'm going to say "Thank you, but using textual evidence, tell me how you know this." "Thank you, but using text, tell me how you know this," I'm not agreeing or disagreeing with her, just pushing her to give me textual evidence.

Teacher  2:14  
Okay. So, okay, so every single time they would give a response, I should ask for textual evidence. 

Coach  2:22  
Yes, as long as they don't, if they're not giving you textual evidence in their response, then every single response, even if it's correct, or incorrect, you should be pushing them to give you for textual evidence.

Teacher  2:34  
Okay, and once they give me textual evidence, I just, um, like, like I did last time, I just tell them oh, good job, "thank you for telling me for using textual evidence" or like? 

Coach  2:45  
Yes, "thank you for telling me, thank you for using textual evidence." You, in a discussion you shouldn't really like tell a student if they're right or wrong, you want to wait until all students have shared their answer before you give them the right or wrong answer. Because if you tell them oh, "thank you, I think that's right," then everyone else who's thinking completely different won't raise their hand.

Teacher  3:10  
Okay, yeah.

Coach  3:13  
So now, let's try it out. So I'm going to be the student, and you're going to be the teacher. And you're going to say, you're going to tell me, "How is Lisa," you're going to ask me this question. "How is Lisa most likely feeling when Pizmo brings up the lie detector results?"

Teacher  3:34  
I start? 

Coach  3:36  
yes. 

Teacher  3:37  
Okay, so "How does Lisa most likely feel when Pismo mentions her lie detector results?"

Coach  3:45  
"I think Lisa is nervous."

Teacher  3:50  
"Thank you, but using textual evidence can you please tell me how you know that Lisa is nervous?"

Coach  3:56  
"Oh, well, I know Lisa is nervous because it says in paragraph 20, 'My heart was pounding so loudly in my chest,' so maybe she was she was scared or she was nervous."

Teacher  4:10  
Okay, good job. Thank you.

Coach  4:13  
Alright, perfect. Now you can ask another student and they're gonna do the same thing. You can build a conversation around that and the textual evisdence. So great job remembering your line, great job, great job not giving up the answer. So now I'm excited to see how you try this in the next simulation. Let's transition to that next simulation actually. Now you will have a chance to try the same simulation from the beginning. You have any questions before we get started?

