Teacher  0:01  
I could not tell who was talking

Speaker 1  0:04  
 totally fine. And that that is tricky sometimes to figure out who was talking. And so it does make it tricky. I watched a lot of these videos, and that is difficult, but how do you think it's felt other than that?

Teacher  0:16  
Um, it was, okay, I think I could have done better, but I was nervous. And then I was like, Wait, who's talking?

Speaker 1  0:27  
So just don't pay attention to who's talking? Just call on someone? And just...you know, keep asking, and, um, what did you think maybe you could have done better with?

Teacher  0:38  
 I could have asked more questions. I thought the time was like, in my mind, it was going by, like, so fast, I was like, I need to move on to the next question. But then I was like, No, I could have spent a little more on that.

Speaker 1  0:52  
I would definitely agree with that. So I think he did a really great job...Oh, let me start my new timer for this. You did a really great job. Making sure that you heard from all students and giving all students a voice in the classroom, that's really important. Lots of times, you know, you might see someone directly, you know, calling on one student over and over again, but you continue to ask students like, Well, what do you think? Do you agree with that? You know, do you think that too, and really make sure you heard from all students? And so I would just prompt you to do a little bit more of kind of what you were saying, and continue to ask questions to the same student, where you thought maybe you could also do better. I think that too. And so in our simulation, for example, when the first person responded, Jasmine, is that Lisa was feeling nervous. And you asked her for some text evidence, you said what in the story gave you that conclusion? And that's awesome. Because you made her look directly in the text for why she thought that and that's the justification we want students to be able to give. And she said, Her heart was pounding. I saw it here in paragraph 20. And she read that. And so you immediately asked, Do you agree with her to another student? And I think that we could even ask more questions about heart pounding, for example, like, what does your heart pounding usually mean? Like, when does your heart pound and almost ask those students to make a connection between the text and their prior knowledge? Because it doesn't explicitly say, She's nervous, and her heart was pounding? Yeah. Does that click with you a little bit? 

Teacher  2:29  
Yeah, it makes a lot of sense because I just thought the time was running out...

Speaker 1  2:33  
yeah. No, don't don't worry about the time at all. Because even if you spent five minutes on, well, you would never spend five minutes on one question, because the simulator would push you along. But, you know, the, you can ask questions and keep going. Um, and that will also help for when a student says something that's wrong, you'll be able to address that, too. So one of the students said that she's the new student intern, and you asked, What makes you think that? And then this student said, the author wrote it in the paragraph. And so you could probe a little bit deeper and say, Well, where does this where does that say that might be like in paragraph one, and then say, but later on in the story, it tells us that she's lying. And we could look at paragraph four, I believe, where it says that, you know, maybe her covers going to be blown. So you if a student said something, she's the new student intern, um, and you know, why do you say that it's in paragraph one, we need to address that that's a wrong answer. Um, and use the text, like, kind of question through the text and say, well, it says that in paragraph one, but what does it maybe say later on? And, you know, then not just immediately pivot to another student. Do you see the difference? Yeah. Okay. So let's maybe practice if I'm a student, and I am. You've, you've asked me, how was Lisa feeling when Pizmo brings up the lie detector results? And I'm going to say, I think she's calm because it says she's relaxed in paragraph 22. What might you ask me? 

Teacher  4:26  
What does the paragraph before that say? 

Speaker 1  4:29  
Yeah, so that's good, because then I would be forced to go look through the text. And I would kind of fix my misunderstanding because she's calm only after she's told she passed the test. So before she's nervous, and that would be a great question to have students look into text and figure out where their problem is. So you address the misconception and ask another question. Um, do you have any other questions? Good, no. Okay. So we practice in This next round, it's going to be the exact same questions. You'll start with one again, the students will be the same, and it's just an opportunity for you to kind of ask a couple more questions and put them back to the text so that they can we can fix any misunderstandings they have. Okay. All right, so I was a little bit late to start my timer. So I'm gonna think we're probably at five minutes and...

