Coach  0:00  
How did you think that went?

Teacher  0:01  
I think it went really good. I'm still, I was still a little nervous, because I don't know.

Coach  0:09  
Was there anything in particular you think you did really well with?

Teacher  0:13  
I think I tried to add other students input, rather than just focusing on one student but also, I know I had one student be a little bit confused in the first question. So I tried to have, like, the other students kind of like, guide him that way, too, to help him out, because I know he didn't like he comprehended the text, but he didn't necessarily like, think about the order of it, or like, remember certain parts of it.

Coach  0:47  
Um, so I would agree with you that I think you did really well on a lot of parts and I think you really did a great job of understood or identifying when a student had a misunderstanding, and then asking them questions and asking the other students questions to try to find that misunderstanding. So for example, in the very first part, when Ethan says that, "Lisa must be excited," you listen to him, and you said, you know, "those are, like, right points, but, um, we need to think about a bit later in the story." And you kind of pressed him to think later, and he remembered the lie detector and he was like, "oh, yeah, the lie detector." Um, and then you did that, again, with the student intern, you kind of said, you know, "while the text does say she's a student, intern, but there's also some parts where she might not be the student intern." So you did a really good job identifying where students have those misunderstandings, and pointing them in the right direction of where to look. And so that's gonna be a really hard skill too, so good job on that. I think when we do the simulation, again, in just a couple minutes, I want you thinking about how you can ask the questions that really point them to the text, rather than tell them where to look. Does that makes sense? So you said about Ethan, our, let me find my part, sorry, there was so much good things going on it's kind of hard for me to find your, your area for feedback. Um, when okay, so that, when you when Ava said "she's the new student intern," and you said, "so that is correct, it does tell us that, but there are also some parts that tell us that she's not really is." Um, what could what could you add on to that to kind of point the student towards the text?

Teacher  2:47  
Can you repeat that again? Sorry.

Coach  2:49  
Um, to like you had kind of called on the next student when, and the next one was like, "oh, reporter, spy," but what could you do to maybe keep Ava thinking on that to figure out that she's not the student intern?

Teacher  3:03  
I could of, oh, I feel like I could have brought back the lie detector test, because we had just gone over that. So, I mean, so I would be able to talk about the story, maybe like, kind of talk about how "remember, she was very nervous about the lie detector test. Why would you think she would be nervous about the lie detector test?"

Coach  3:22  
Yeah, that's exactly right. So if you ask the questions that kind of says, you know, okay, "what we know, there's a lie detector test, and she's nervous about it. So why might she have been nervous?" And then the student had been like, "well, maybe she would have lied." And what could you maybe ask if the student says, responds in that way, like, "well, I guess she lied."

Teacher  3:42  
Well she did lies. So like, I think I could say like, like...

Coach  3:50  
So you can maybe say like, well, well, "what do we think she lied about? In paragraph four, it makes it really clear it says, you know, 'what if Pizmofind out that I lied, my cover as a student intern would be blown.' " So the student might kind of make reference to that paragraph and say -

Teacher  4:08  
I would be able to show them, like, tell them like "in paragraph four" then?

Coach  4:13  
Yes, you can point them to look through and you can say like, "Oh, look at paragraph four." Or if they're having trouble with the lie detector part, "look at paragraph 20." You can sort of point students to certain paragraphs to help them but you just to keep prying those students who might be a little bit incorrect. Just keep pressing them to use the text to justify their answers. You did really good job questioning them and so we just need to make sure that their responses include the text. 

Teacher  4:47  
Okay. Okay. 

Coach  4:48  
So, if we can practice real quick, if you asked me how Lisa's feeling, and I say "I think she's relaxed." What might you say?

Teacher  5:01  
"So you think she's relaxed, right? But in paragraph - "  So what I tell them, can I guide them then to there or I should I should wait, right?

Coach  5:14  
Yeah, probably wait and then guide if they're on the wrong track. So if I could say "it says she's relaxed because in paragraph 22, it says Lisa smiled and relaxed."

Teacher  5:27  
Oh, wait, okay, so "were in the text would you find that and then there? Alright, so there we're not talking about the lie detector test. That was the end of it, so before we got there, how was she feeling before that?"

Coach  5:45  
Okay, yeah so you kind of pointed out what that I was looking after and I need to look at before Okay, yeah, alright, so that was the end of our five minutes.

