Coach  0:01  
Alright, so how did you think that went? 

Teacher  0:04  
I got scared, but I think it was okay. 

Coach  0:07  
I would agree. I'm glad you didn't freeze up or anything like that. So that's good. You also, I would like to point out that you always asked your students like what in the text made you think that? You did that almost every time a student responded, which is great, because we do want to constantly ask our students like, where are you getting that from the text. And so I think that was something that you did well, one thing that I think that we can work on is to, to make our simulation stronger. We want to focus on helping students revise when they have misunderstandings. So using the text and using our questions to help students identify when they say something that's incorrect. So what is a missunderstanding? Did you ever recognize any of the students misunderstandings in that simulation?

Teacher  1:02  
When Ava responded that she was an intern.

Coach  1:05  
Yes. Okay. And so when Ava responded that she was an intern, you asked if anybody wanted to help her out, and then it kind of got quiet. So you were like, well, she is the new student intern. Where'd you get that information? The student said she wrote it right in paragraph one. And so yep, she does introduce herself at the very beginning. So you were kind of affirming that answer and saying, Yep, that answers correct. Rather than saying, you know, the text does say that she's a student, intern. But there's also parts of the text that show us that she's not telling the truth. So a student could read that. And I think, you know, when you read it for the first time, if a student's reading it quickly, or if they're not reading with a lot of intention, they might just say, Oh, she's a student intern, it says it right there. But as we continue reading, we find out that she's lying. So in paragraph four, um, if a student says, you know, she's the intern, and you say, Well, is there anything else in the text that makes us think she's not the student intern? Your student could go looking for the text or someone could just say, No, she's the student intern. And we might then want to point the students to paragraph four, for example, because paragraph four says, would he know that her cover as a student intern was all a lie? So, if a student responds with she's the student intern, you might respond with, you know, is there something else in the text that tells us she's not a student intern, though? And if the student might find that on their own, if not, we could say why don't you read paragraph four? What do you see in paragraph four? Do you see the difference between kind of affirming it and then clarifying their misunderstanding with the text?

Teacher  2:57  
Yeah, because I feel like maybe I did mention that she was a little weird, but also Dev answered, but that didn't really like state that she was wrong.

Coach  3:06  
Right, right. And so sometimes we do feel nervous or uncomfortable saying, you know, that's not quite right. But we do want to make sure that we like name, you know, that she might not be a student intern, let's look at the text to see where it shows us that she isn't actually the student intern, and kind of make sure then that the students know that that answer is wrong, and that they can then find in the text, why it's wrong. Because then we do have the spy and the reporter coming up, but we want to make clear that she's not the student intern. Yeah. So did you see any other misunderstandings come out? 

Teacher  3:48  
No, not that I remember.

Coach  3:49  
Okay, so the first one with, how does she feel? I think it's Jasmine who first responds with she's nervous. And, um, we kind of asked why and she gives the evidence that her heart's pounding. But then the second student says she's excited. And the second student says, it's because one thing is this big company in New York City, the elevator has no buttons. Right, excited. But we want to point out that the question is asking about the lie detector test. So how does she feel when the lie detector test is brought up? Because she might be excited just about being in the elevator. But then when it comes to what the question is asking, it's asking about how does she feel when the lie detector test is brought up so we can make sure that the student is looking at the correct part of the text. 

Teacher  4:43  
Okay.

Coach  4:44  
You know, that's earlier, but what about later in the story? Maybe paragraph 20 or 22? And just kind of pointing the students to the text to make sure that the question is about the right part of the text.

Teacher  4:55  
Okay, I do have a question. Go ahead. 

Coach  4:58  
Yep. Yeah, what's your question?

Teacher  5:00  
No, because I kept looking down and like, I guess I didn't want to like, look down so much so.

Coach  5:06  
Oh that's okay.

Teacher  5:07  
Okay.

Coach  5:08  
We're not looking at that part right now. So you're good. Um, alright, so in this next part of the simulation, you're just going to start over again with question one again. And we're just going to work on helping students clarify their misunderstandings using the text. Okay.

