Coach  0:02  
How'd you think that went?

Teacher  0:04  
Um I feel like, I feel like it went, okay, like on me like giving the questions to them, I want, I don't want to like read it off and then me forget about the question and if I forgot what the question was, they're especially not going to understand the question. So I wanted to like, cut the questions short. But I did want to probably go back to the text more often, that's what I really wanted to do. You know, so that instead of it being like, yes, it's a discussion, but going back to the texts, and like actually pointing out, having them point out, and having me point out what I meant are like giving, give an example first on like, why they think it's like, like suspenseful and then they like, give me another, another example, you know, like.

Coach  1:09  
Yeah, so I, I think you kind of like hit the nail right on the head with what we're going to work on today. So I do want to commend you and say that you were saying that you were glad you said the questions clearly and even though you kind of tweaked them a little bit. That was great. In the classroom naturally, like lots of times curriculums and things, we'll have some like scripted type questions that we want to ask, but we have to make them work for ourselves as teachers. And so you did a great job with that. And you were definitely clear with your students about what you were asking. So I'll commend you on that. And I think that you, you kind of identified exactly what we're going to work on. We're going to work on for round two, focusing on assisting students in using the text to answer so you asked a lot like, "Okay, why do you think that? And what do you think that?" And we can just sharpen that question a little bit more by saying "what in the text makes you think that" to make sure that they're going back to text evidence. So they might say like, "it's a cool place, it's in New York" and all these things. But if they were to use the text to answer that question about her being excited, you know, they would, they would still pull those same details but then as a teacher, you might then say, "Okay, well, that's all in the text, but we want to look for the text that involves the lie detector results, because this question is asking us how Lisa feels when Pizmo brings up the lie detector results. So let's look there in the text." So kind of helping students know where to look into text by giving them a little bit, but not doing the work for them. Does that make sense? 

Teacher  2:48  
Yes. 

Coach  2:49  
And so if, for the student intern question, you know, someone might say "she's the student intern," what might you say then in response to that you think?

Teacher  3:02  
Can you repeat the question? I'm so sorry.

Coach  3:04  
So if we, if a student responds, "I think Lisa's the student intern," when we ask what she's doing, or what her role is, or what her job is, what might you respond with to help us realize that she's not the student intern?

Teacher  3:16  
I would respond with asking her "Okay. From, in, from what in the text is that, referring to the text."

Coach  3:30  
So you can say like, "where in the text do you find that?" Okay, so just saying, like, "what in the text makes you think that or where in the text do you find that?" And so for this type example, the person says, well, "it's the first line...Hi, I'm the new student intern." Okay. But we know she's not the student intern, so how could you ask a student another question, when they're looking at the wrong place in the text?

Teacher  3:52  
Um saying "okay, yes, you're right. But where in the text does it, does it, does it say that she is?"

Coach  4:12  
So you can be like, "it does say that in the text." We don't want to necessarily tell students they're right when they might not be right here. So you can be like, "it does say she's the student intern in the first line, but why don't you read paragraph four?" And in paragraph four, then I can be the student I can say, "oh, it says would he know that her cover as a student student intern was all a lie." So sometimes you can ask students, you know, "where in the text you see that" or, and they might give you some wrong information. In that case, you might need to say, "Okay, look at this paragraph." So you had pointed out something about paragraph 17 when you were giving your little summary at the end, and you said in paragraph 17 she talks about the technology and hiring young people and so you could say, "look in paragraph 17." That paragraph in particular, doesn't necessarily help us too much with these questions but you could point students in the right direction so when students have a misunderstanding about being excited, you could say, well, "let's look at the end of the story when the lie detector results are brought up." And when the student has a misunderstanding about her job, you could say, "let's look in paragraph four, what do you see there?" Does that make sense?

Teacher  5:32  
Yes, and, um, I think as like, maybe me highlighting where like, each answer is like for the question, it would make it eaiser because I kind of got nervous. I was like, where is it and then I was like, trying to find it, like, like, you know.

Coach  5:53  
I think that's definitely a good strategy and you won't necessarily have enough time to do that to prepare for right now when we get on simulation too  but for future work with text based evidence, that's definitely a good idea to highlight. I have the same thing done on my paper where I underline and star where my answers are so it's easy for me to look back in the text too. That would be a great strategy to use at another time.

