TeachSIM Staff  0:00  
How did you think that went?

Teacher  0:02  
With the question number two, I was kind of a little bit like I had my notes, but I really wasn't looking back at them. I should have done that.

TeachSIM Staff  0:12  
Well, I think you're being hard on yourself, because I didn't even notice that part. But I think that one strength from the simulation that you had was that you clearly identified when students had a misconception, and you really wanted to make sure that they understood why there was a better answer out there. And so while that's a strength of yours, I also want to continue working on that, so that we can improve your scaffolding and questioning skills for this simulation and for future classroom lessons of yours. So I want us to think about how we can help students to identify their misunderstandings in a way that scaffolded where we ask them questions, rather than just telling them the reasons why the answer is wrong. Okay. So let's look back at when Ethan says that she was excited. You appropriately asked him for text evidence. And then you said, but remember, they asked her about the lie detector question. And she mentioned they were falsified. So what part of the text were you looking at for that?

Teacher  1:23  
Let me see I had it. 22.

TeachSIM Staff  1:26  
Yeah, so 22. So, rather than tell Ethan about that, we could ask him back at paragraph 22. And say, you know, Ethan, why don't you look at paragraph 22? Or, like, read that for us? And then we could ask him like, do you still think she's excited? And that way, we're asking him to look at new evidence and revise his thinking. Do you see how asking the student to look on their own might be different than just telling them the same text? 

Teacher  2:01  
Yes. Because they'll be reading it. And as you're reading, they'll get like, they'll pick up on it. 

TeachSIM Staff  2:06  
Yeah. So we're providing them the opportunity to fix their thinking rather than just fixing it for them. Right. 

Teacher  2:13  
Yes. 

TeachSIM Staff  2:14  
So let's think about if I was a student who to answer the second question, I said, I think that Lisa is Pismo's daughter. What might you say to me? 

Teacher  2:35  
Well, I would say that I could see where they're coming from, because there's like a lot of stories. There's been stories like that throughout history, I guess. 

TeachSIM Staff  2:45  
Right? And we will want to use the text as evidence, right? 

Teacher  2:49  
Yes. 

TeachSIM Staff  2:50  
And so if I raise my hand, it was like, Oh, I don't know. I'm just guessing. I have no text evidence. Where might you point me?

Teacher  2:58  
Maybe. Like, I would ask them to go back to like that. I think that maybe they got that from paragraph number four. 

Yeah. So you could say, you know, could you read paragraph four? And then maybe I could say like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what you know, because that she said her intern was a lie. I know, she's not the intern. But maybe she's something else. And she's undercover and she wants to know more about her dad, you know, who knows? But that would just be an opportunity then to rather than say, like, okay, you're right, or okay, you're wrong, but prompt my scaffolding by asking me to look back in the text, and even helping me by identifying a paragraph to look at, right? So what about, what could we have maybe responded to Ava? When Ava first said that she's the new student intern, you said, okay, remember, they mentioned that she's posing? He's a genius, and he wanted to figure out if he could figure out who she really is. So she's pretending so rather than tell her that, what could you ask her to do next?

I would ask you to go back to paragraph.

TeachSIM Staff  4:20  
Paragraph four could work again. 

Teacher  4:21  
Yes. Yes. That's where it says that she's the new intern too.

TeachSIM Staff  4:25  
Yep. So what would you what would you actually say to Ava? Let's pretend that I'm Ava.

Teacher  4:30  
I'm just reading it just to get a little bit of it. I would just ask her to go back to paragraph four. Okay, go back to paragraph four and read sentence two.

TeachSIM Staff  4:46  
Okay, so when you know that her cover was all a lie? 

Teacher  4:50  
Yes. 

TeachSIM Staff  4:52  
And so then you could even prompt her further by saying like, so do you still think she's the student intern? Or have you changed your mind right? But then that way you're allowing the student to make all the connections themselves. 

Teacher  5:03  
Yes. 

TeachSIM Staff  5:04  
Okay. So in this next round, I would like for you to make sure that instead of telling students the correct answers that you ask them questions about text so that they are able to make those conclusions themselves. 

Teacher  5:19  
Okay. 

TeachSIM Staff  5:20  
All right.

Teacher  5:22  
Based on the same?

TeachSIM Staff  5:23  
You just start right over on number one. 

Teacher  5:25  
Okay. 

TeachSIM Staff  5:27  
You may begin simulation

