TeachSIM Staff  0:00  
How did you think that went?

Teacher  0:02  
I mean, I hope it went well. I tried to make sure that you know, every students, you know, I had their their input. And, you know, for example, I didn't fully get to, you know, call on Dev. So that's why I try to, you know, be like them, you know, what do you think about it, you know, so I wanted to make sure it was very inclusive in that way.

TeachSIM Staff  0:21  
I definitely noticed you working to include all of your students, and you showed a great level of enthusiasm and engagement with your students. And it was very clear that you think that all of your students voices and opinions matter, and that their voice is an important contribution to the classroom. So that was really important, because you set a really engaging and energetic stage for students. Was there anything that you felt a little stumped by?

Teacher  0:52  
Maybe in the way that I mean, I was trying to, you know, *inaudible*  one of the students, you know, thought that, you know, when it comes to, you know, excited about the new job, so I think, at that kind of stage of it, I was like, okay, you know, how can, I don't want to make the student feel unvalidated? You know, and like, their answer's completely wrong. And, you know, shut it down, you know, so it was at that moment, I was thinking, okay, how can I, you know, as, you know, taking that teacher position, how can I, you know, validate his response and guide him towards the right direction?

TeachSIM Staff  1:27  
That's exactly what we can work on today. So when students give us that response, that isn't quite what we're looking for, we can ask them some scaffolded questions, almost like a frame of questions to go through to help them revise their thinking and recognize that what they were initially thinking might not be the best answer here. Right. So the first way we can do that is whether students are right or wrong, we always want to ask them where their text evidence is. You did this a little bit, because you all always ask students, what made them think that, but we want to make sure that we specifically asked them, like, what in the text made you think that? Or what evidence from the text made you think that? Okay, so that would kind of be like the first question we'd want to ask. So then Ethan would probably say something about how one thing was cool. And the elevator right, which is what he talked about. So that's kind of our point now where we can shift from being the main talker kind of the way. You, you them are like, yeah, it's a new job, she might be excited, and you did a lot to validate his response. But let's think about how we could question him using the text to revise his thinking instead. So we've asked Ethan, what made him think she was excited. He's given us his text evidence. And now we want to have him think about a different part of the text. What part of the text helps you realize that Lisa is nervous and not excited? So what part do you think that is for you?

Teacher  3:00  
For me, it was on number on line 20, where she heart was pounding so loudly in her chest, and she was sure she, she could hear it. So then when I feel like mean, when your heart is pounding like that, if you feel nervous, you're anxious *inaudible*

TeachSIM Staff  3:19  
How can we take that information and put it in a question for Ethan? Or, yeah Ethan. I think I said that. Sorry. How can we ask him to consider that text?

Teacher  3:32  
I can ask him how does he feel like saying to, you know, maybe we can look at you know, but it also says in line 20, you know, reading the text with him and analyzing, you know, reading the text to him and seeing how we can, you know, view this text but together.

TeachSIM Staff  4:00  
And one thing that can even be more powerful than reading it to him is to ask him to read it himself, so that he's actually the one doing the reading and making that connection. But that's right, we could point him to paragraph 20. And say, you know, Ethan, can you read paragraph 20 for me? Do you still think that she's nervous? Or do you still think that she's excited? And then maybe he would start to put together that maybe instead of an excited feeling? It's more of a nervous feeling. So we sort of have like a idea of three questions, right? The first one is we want to ask for text evidence. The second one is asking them to consider new text. You know, can you read this for me? And then the third would be to ask them you know, do you still think she's excited? Or do you think still think she's this? So let's practice real quick. I'm a student and I say I think that Lisa's calm. What would you ask me?

Teacher  4:54  
I would, I would ask you what makes you think that? You know what, what text evidence makes you think that?

TeachSIM Staff  5:02  
Yep, excellent text evidence. In paragraph 22 it says she's relaxed.

Teacher  5:08  
But then we look in paragraph 20. Can you read paragraph 20 for me?

TeachSIM Staff  5:12  
Excellent. So now our coaching round is up. But you did great because you asked me for evidence and then you pointed me in the right direction but still asked me to do the reading. So that's kind of the flow we want to do when student have misconceptions, so that can revise their thinking on their own. Okay.

Teacher  5:30  
Awesome. Thank you so much.

TeachSIM Staff  5:31  
Thank you, and when the students pop back up, you can begin simulation.

