TeachSIM Staff  0:00  
Alright, teacher, how did you feel that first round of quality feedback one?

Teacher  0:06  
I felt good, but then sort of like, like not really knowing how to respond to that, like the last questions, because it kind of using,

TeachSIM Staff  0:17  
Um, so I think that, I, one thing that I saw you do really well was, you always ask the students for text evidence. So when they, and you made really explicit to not just ask why they think that but what in the text made them think that, you consistently ask that throughout, especially the first two questions. And I think to something that can help us with responding to students is how we respond to students, when they have a misconception, and how we as the teacher can help scaffold them, to help them to clarify any misunderstandings. So, based off mostly the first two questions, do you recall any students who may be answered with a wrong answer?

Teacher  1:05  
Well, there were just I think two of them answering, it was I think, Ava, and I'm not sure about the other name.

TeachSIM Staff  1:12  
Yeah, so Ethan, I know the names really well at this point. But um, so for the first question, Ethan says that Lisa was feeling excited about her new job, right? What do you think is the better answer nervous or excited?

Teacher  1:30  
Well, since she was lying, I think she would be nervous.

TeachSIM Staff  1:34  
Yeah, that's exactly right. So we want to help point Ethan in the direction of the text that talks about where she might be lying so that he can understand that she's probably more nervous than excited, right? And so what part of the text would you look at to show Ethan that she might be lying or that she might be nervous?

Teacher  2:04  
Okay, because we're in the, I think it was paragraph 20. And then on 22, it says he had believed the falsified lie detector results, but in paragraph 20, her heart was pounding too loudly, which, like leads us to believe that it could be because of nervousness.

TeachSIM Staff  2:22  
Right. So that is exactly what we want to follow up with Ethan. So Ethan responds with that she's excited. And then you asked about text evidence. And Ethan talks about how it's this new job, and then you responded with so it could also like, and you use Jasmine's heart pounding to say it could also be excitement. But we want to make sure that Ethan understands that excitement is not the best answer here. So when Ethan provides us with his, his evidence for why he thinks she's excited, how could we maybe, we could point him to paragraph 20, by just saying, like, hey, Ethan, could you read paragraph 20? You know, and then he would read it and say her heart was pounding, she was sure she could hear it, and say, like, do you think that she's still excited? Or do you think that she might be feeling nervous? But that way, we can ask Ethan a question to help him reframe his thinking so that he can understand that nervous would be the better answer here. Okay? So let's think about maybe the second question and how we could have better supported Ava and understanding that she's probably not the student intern, right? So, how, where could we point Ava to? Because Ava says, in paragraph one it says she's the student intern. What can we respond to Ava with so that she recognizes that that's not true?

Teacher  3:52  
And I'm not sure what paragraph it was, but um, I think I was wondering the elevator.

TeachSIM Staff  4:04  
are you thinking paragraph four?

Teacher  4:11  
Oh, since I think he was like, and I think it will be two or four and when I'm, yeah, cuz, well, if I'm on paragraph four, she's like this basically saying that she not really an intern because then the key we'll find out who she really was,

TeachSIM Staff  4:33  
Right. So we could, we could frame that as a question to Ava by saying like, hey, Ava, could you read paragraph four? And then say, Do you think that she's still a student intern, right? And then that way you can help Ava to clarify her misunderstanding. So in this next round, what I want us to do is when students show a misunderstanding, let's ask them to read a more appropriate section of the text. So that they can then maybe revise their thinking and clarify their misunderstanding. Okay? All right. Well, my timer just went off. So now we will get ready. I'll turn my camera off and we can begin simulation.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
