TeachSIM Staff  0:00  
How did you feel that round of simulation went? 

Teacher  0:01  
All right.

TeachSIM Staff  0:08  
One thing that I think you did well was after every time a student made a claim, you ask them to explain why they thought that. And that's important, because we want students to have some sort of evidence. But I think that we can even build off of that further to ensure that our students have actual text evidence, right. We want to make sure that when students set forth an answer that they provide both the claim or what they think the answer is, as well as some sort of supporting evidence directly from the text here. So I want us to look back at the phrase that you often used, and to see how we could maybe add to that phrase is to make it more specific to ask for text evidence, rather than just general evidence. So you often said, why is that? Or what makes you think that, right? How could we maybe improve upon those questions, so that we are supporting students in recognizing that we want them to use text evidence to support their answer?

Teacher  1:23  
Um, can I probably like, ask, where in the text or where can I find that to support what you're saying?

TeachSIM Staff  1:31  
Yeah, that's exactly right. So you know, where in the text do you see that? Or where in text can I find that to support what you're saying or to support that she's excited or nervous. Right? So, for example, when Ethan says, I think she's excited. What might you say to Ethan?

Teacher  1:54  
Why do you think she's excited? Or what part of the text makes you think she's excited? 

TeachSIM Staff  2:08  
That's exactly right. And I like how you caught yourself, because at first, you said, why do you think she's excited, which is similar to what you did in the last round. But we want to just make that very small, subtle change, to add what in the text makes you think that she's excited, right? Or where in the text do you see that? And by asking that small little part, the students are required to look back in the text, or maybe even to provide you with a paragraph or a line that supports their answer. So if I'm a student, and I raise my hand and say, I think that Lisa's feeling calm, what might you say to me?

Teacher  2:50  
Where in the text, can we find that? Or what makes you think that she's feeling calm? Does the author mention anything?

TeachSIM Staff  2:59  
So I like how you kind of switch that into like the author, but you still made it important that I'm talking to texting what the author's saying. So in paragraph 22, it says, Lisa smiled and relaxed. So that shows me that she's calm, because when I smile and relax I'm calm. So is that an appropriate answer what I just gave you? Would calm be a good answer there? 

Teacher  3:33  
Yes? 

TeachSIM Staff  3:35  
So I'm using text evidence, but it's not really answering this question, because we want to know how Lisa feels when Pismo brings up the lie detector results. And the better answer there would be that they were nervous. So when we're using the text as our evidence, we want to make sure that the students have evidence from the text, but it is evidence that appropriately answers the question. And so looking at lines 14, or line 20, where it talks about her heart pounding, when the lie detector results are brought up. That would be more appropriate text to reference. But regardless, we want to make sure that we ask the students to show us their evidence from the text, whether their thoughts are right, or their thoughts are wrong, we want to make sure they've got these thoughts from the text. Okay, so let's try one more time. What could I say if I said, I think that Lisa is really Pismo's daughter. What would you say to me?

Teacher  4:44  
Where in the texts can we find that or what makes you think that?

TeachSIM Staff  4:48  
Excellent. Where in the text can we find that or what in the text makes you think that? So when we follow up with students in this second round of simulation, I just want you paying special attention addition to making sure that you ask about what students think based off of the text so where in the text do they find these answers okay. All right, you ready for round two? 

Teacher  5:12  
Yes.

