Coach  0:00  
Right, thank you so much for completing that simulation, you are done with round one. And we're going to spend a little bit of time talking about how that went. So how did you think that went?

Participant  0:09  
I think it went well, I think it could have been better than it was.

Coach  0:14  
Okay. Tell me a little bit more about that. What did you think went well?

Participant  0:18  
Well, I think the students were answering everything that was asked so that was good. 

Coach  0:24  
Yeah. 

Participant  0:24  
And I think I could have asked more questions about evidence. And  about why do you think it's right? 

Coach  0:36  
Yeah, I think that's a really good point. So I totally agree with you, I think that your probing was really, really strong. So one thing that you consistently did was when a student gave an answer, you asked for further evidence. And that's such an important skill. That's like the whole purpose behind a text based discussion like this. So great job there. Keep that up. One thing that I want to talk about a little bit during these next four or five minutes, is how you scaffold student understanding when they maybe give like a wrong answer. So you might remember, there were a couple of times where students demonstrated misunderstandings. So for instance, there was a point where Ethan said, I think Lisa is excited. What do you think about that answer?

Participant  1:27  
And she wasn't excited,

Coach  1:29  
Right? We know from the texts that how she really feeling. She's actually feeling pretty nervous, right? Because we know the lie detector results are falsified like we have these other details. So you started off really nicely there when Ethan said, I think that Lisa is excited. You said, Well, why do you think that? And he said, well, because she's in this cool elevator, and then you change to another student. What I want to challenge you to do in the next round is stay with Ethan until he revises his misunderstanding. So what could you say to Ethan to help him realize that Lisa is not really excited in this moment?

Participant  2:12  
Well, her heart was pounding fast as well.

Coach  2:18  
Definitely, you could point him to some different evidence in the text. And this is where like, having your text kind of marked up and pulled up can really, really help. But I like what you just said, you could say, well, here we see that Lisa's heart is pounding really hard. If Ethan still doesn't respond with this idea of nervousness, what could you point him to after that?

Participant  2:42  
To reread the text?

Coach  2:44  
Yes, yeah. What part do you think might be helpful for him to look at for this question? So you might remember, there are some parts where Lisa talks about the lie detector and how she's not who she really says she is any of those parts would work really well. So sort of saying, well, Ethan, why don't you look at, I think it's paragraph four, where she talks about growing nervous and the falsified lie detector results. So if the student needs a little more support, you can always guide them. But the most important thing is that we don't want to leave Ethan, until we're sure that he's corrected his misunderstanding. 

Participant  3:25  
Okay. 

Coach  3:26  
So we have a couple of minutes left before you get into round two. Let's practice this one time. I want you to ask me question number two, I'm gonna give you an incorrect response. And I want you to practice helping me revise my answer. So you ask question number two.

Participant  3:44  
Okay, who do you think Lisa really is? What makes you that?

Coach  3:49  
Isn't Lisa as a new student intern?

Participant  3:52  
Yes, but what else?

Coach  3:54  
Um, I mean, it says in the first sentence that she's the new student, intern, right.

Participant  4:01  
Okay, but what do you think Lisa is because she's feeling nervous. Do you think she really is an intern?

Coach  4:10  
Oh, so you're saying that maybe she's not who she says she is?

Participant  4:15  
Yes. She's scared that they're bringing up the lie detector. Why do you think that?

Coach  4:22  
Oh, you're right. I forgot about the lie detector results. Maybe she's a spy. Yeah, okay. Good job Participant. I really like that. I like how you went through multiple feedback loops. And sometimes that's what it takes, the student isn't always going to get it in the first question. So sticking with that student and asking them to revise their misunderstandings is the best way to make sure that they're growing their skills, that they're really understanding the text fully. Do you have any questions before we get into the second round of practice? 

Participant  4:52  
No. 

Coach  4:54  
All right, so just like last time, you're going to retry the simulation from the beginning. You will start When the students appear on screen with that very first question and I'm really looking forward to seeing you scaffolding student understanding in this round

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
