Coach  0:00  
How did you feel about your first round of simulation? 

Teacher  0:04  
I feel so nervous. I don't know what to do with them. 

Coach  0:11  
So one thing that I think that you did that was really well, or that went really well was that you continued to make sure the students did a lot of thinking, you asked a lot of questions, and you didn't necessarily just talk about your own ideas, which is important, because we want our students to be accountable for the learning and not just take in what we as teachers said. And so I'm thinking that we can kind of improve by just thinking about maybe more specific followup questions to different student responses. You basically asked me, you know, what else are you thinking and called on another student, but we might need... we can think about how we might be able to have more rigorous question with that, right? So when a student answers a question about a reading, what are you looking for in their answer?

Teacher  1:11  
Like. I don't know what it's called. So I want them to give me an answer with... this called. I don't know what, what is the name on that?

Coach  1:40  
So do you want them to say the answer with evidence? Evidence? Yes. So that's exactly what we're going to work on for this round is because a lot of students initially just gave us their answer. Like, she's nervous. She's excited. She's an intern, right? So that way, as a teacher, we can support students in providing that text evidence by simply asking what in the text makes you think that? or where in the story do you find that answer? But simply by asking for text evidence specifically, we are providing students with an opportunity to look back in the reading to find the answer. Do you see how asking, what in the text makes you think that? is different than just asking what else?

Teacher  2:29  
 Mhmm

Coach  2:29  
Or asking for another student's answer? So let's kind of practice here. If I'm a student, and I answer by saying, I think that leaves us feeling excited, what might you respond to me with? 

Teacher  2:48  
I think what? Im sorry. 

Coach  2:50  
So if I answer the first question, and I say, I think Lisa's feeling excited. What would you ask me next? 

Teacher  2:59  
In what paragraph do you see that or? 

Coach  3:04  
Yeah, that's exactly right. In what paragraph do you see that? And then I could say - oh, well, I think she's excited because in paragraph two, it says, blah, blah, blah, right. So then, what about if I say, if we think about Lisa, who says, I think that or jasmine? Who first answers? I think that Lisa's feeling nervous? What could you say there? 

Teacher  3:33  
Are you sure? Can you tell me in what program is? 

Coach  3:39  
Yeah, in what paragraph do you see that or what paragraph is that that you think she's nervous? That's exactly right. So in this next round of simulation, we really just want to make sure that we continue to ask students, whenever they answer any question, we always want to follow up by asking them for text evidence. So like you said we could ask, in what paragraph do you see that? We could ask, where in the story do you see that? We could even just ask, what text evidence do you have? right? But we can ask something that asks specifically about the paragraph, where in the story, or using the words text evidence, okay? So in this next round, when students respond, just think about how you make sure you always follow up with students about text evidence. Okay? Do you have any questions for me? 

Teacher  4:32  
No. 

Coach  4:33  
All right, well, thank you as well. I'm gonna go ahead and turn off my camera. And when the students pop back up, you will just restart again with question number one, okay?

Teacher  4:43  
Okay. 

Coach  4:44  
All right, you may begin simulation

