TeachSIM Staff  0:00  
How did you think that first round of simulation went?

Teacher  0:03  
That was very scary. Very nerve-racking.

TeachSIM Staff  0:05  
Don't be scared, don't be scared. I think that you need to give yourself a little more credit. Okay, so one thing that I think you did that was really great was you asked students what they were thinking. And you also recognize when students answered something incorrectly, and you wanted to make sure that students recognized their mistake, and were able to recognize the right answer, okay. And so we're actually going to build off of both of those strengths to improve them for the next round, by making sure that we scaffold student mistakes using text evidence explicit, specifically. Okay. So what I mean by that is when students have these misunderstandings, we want to make sure that we use the text and question the students in a way that allows them to revise their thinking, rather than just have us tell them what is wrong. Okay. So the first way that we could do that is, anytime a student shares an answer, we want to ask them for text evidence specifically. So a few times you said, where do you see that? Or what makes you think that and we could just sort of tweak that question just a little bit to say, where do you see that in the text? Or what in the text makes you think that? Okay, so when Ethan says she's excited about her new job, you asked appropriately where do you see that? We would just want to make the slight change to say, where do you see that in the text, right to make sure that they know we're talking about in this story here. And then he talks about one thing, this cool new job and all this other stuff, right? And then you go on to say, Lisa does seem to be excited there. But when she see who's in charge, they start asking her questions. That's where we find out more about that she's hiding something. So rather than state all of that, to Ethan, we want to *inaudible* same idea by asking questions. Okay. So, if we look in the text, what paragraph are you thinking about that might help Ethan?

Teacher  2:35  
Maybe towards the end, where it starts? Where it starts talking about the lie detector?

TeachSIM Staff  2:44  
Yeah, so like paragraph 14, or paragraph 20. Right. So paragraph 20s. It says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest that she was sure he could hear it, right. So one way that we could, after Ethan talks about everything with one thing being cool, you could start your response to him the same way like that is true. Lisa's describing cool things about one thing, but let's think about the lie detector results. Ethan, could you please read for me paragraph 20? And tell me if you still think that she's excited. And then I'm providing Ethan with an opportunity to fix his misunderstanding on his own, rather than tell him that it's wrong. Do you see the difference there?

Teacher  3:35  
Yes.

TeachSIM Staff  3:37  
Okay, so let's do a little practice with another question about how can we could respond to the statement that she's the student intern. So when you did it, you kind of again said okay, well, we find out that she's not the student intern. So let's sort of re practice. And the student I raised my hand, I say, she's the new student intern. What would you say back to me?

Teacher  4:04  
That she is the new student intern. But that's just what she's pretending to be. She did, she is a student intern, but deep down, she's there for another reason.

TeachSIM Staff  4:17  
Okay, so we want to make sure that we ask a question in there that uses text evidence. So we could say something like, you know, where do you find that in the text? And I might say line one, right? And then say, okay, how about you refer back to paragraph four? Right? Because we don't we want to make a difference between telling the student they're wrong, and providing questions that help the student to recognize their own mistake. Okay, so unfortunately we're just about out of time, but in this next round, I want us to think about how we can ask students for text evidence, and then use this text to ask questions when students have misunderstandings okay.

Teacher  5:04  
So I ask for text evidence?

TeachSIM Staff  5:08  
Yes, ask for text evidence. All right so I'm going to turn my camera off.

