Coach  0:00  
Alright, how did you think that went?

Participant  0:04  
Sure. Okay, it wasn't that bad.

Coach  0:08  
Kind of Yeah. I, you didn't seem very nervous. So that was great. And you really engaged with the students really well, you responded a lot to what they were saying individually. And you also had a ton of other questions, which is a really important thing for teachers to be able to come up with their own questions and really pry into student thinking, but also have a similar, like positive, I think that we can strengthen that by adding in one seemingly really simple question that's really important when working with text is to instead of just ask students what they're thinking or why they think that we want to add in what in the text makes them think what they're thinking? Or why do they make a claim based off of the text evidence. So in this next round, we're gonna, and in our coaching round, we're gonna really talk about how we can use the text specifically to help support students in explaining their reasoning. Okay.

Participant  1:06  
So we could ask them, like, what what part of the passage makes you think that or?

Coach  1:12  
Yeah, that's exactly, that's exactly what we want to work on. Because students might, they might be referencing ideas from the text, but they also might be just referencing things that they think or that they're inferring. And in text based passages like this, we really want them to be able to give us specific evidence from the text like, Well, I think that because in paragraph seven, it says, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right? Um, so let's go back to think about one of the screens all or There we go. Okay. Um, so, when either Ethan says that Lisa was feeling excited about her new job, you were like, okay, excited, you know, do you have any ideas for why she wants the job? And you kind of started asking other questions, which could still be relevant here. But we would just want to tweak them by saying like, Okay, what in the text makes you think that she's excited about this new job? Right? Yes.

Participant  2:10  
I didn't want to get off like too much of the topic. So I was like, I don't know how, like, you know, okay. Well,

Coach  2:16  
it's great that you have those other questions and everything like that, probably for the timing of the simulation, keep them more related to the question, but that wasn't an issue or anything. But we still want to know what in the text makes him think that she was excited. Right? Okay. So if I was a new student, and I said, I think that Lisa was feeling relaxed, or calm. What would you say to me?

Participant  2:42  
Um, like, what? What part of the story makes you feel like that she's calm?

Coach  2:52  
Yeah. And I think they Well, in paragraph 22, it says that she smiled, and she was relaxed. And so I just feel like that means she's calm. Do you think that that would be an appropriate answer, even though I gave text evidence?

Participant  3:09  
Um, well, I think most of us she was like, nervous throttle. It's like, you'd be like, well, maybe I could do them to different parts of the passage or something.

Coach  3:19  
Yeah, that's exactly what you would want to do. Right? And this is a sort of the same thing with excited Ethan getting information from the text that she's excited, but it's not really what we're looking for. Right. And so where could we maybe when Ethan or me saying that she's calm when we respond with that wrong answer? Where could we maybe point her to in the text then?

Participant  3:47  
Maybe when he actually brings it up?

Coach  3:52  
Yeah, because that's what the questions talking about, right?

Participant  3:54  
When he brought it up, like at the *inaudible*.

Coach  4:03  
So he brings it up in paragraph 19. Yeah. And then paragraph 20 is when she

Participant  4:10  
That's where she says also 22 Or she's like, Oh, she smiles and she's relaxed. Yeah, cuz he didn't call her out on it.

Coach  4:18  
Right, right. Right. That's exactly right. And we could be like, you know, that's after the results are brought up, right?

Participant  4:24  
But confirmed that, like, she wasn't lying. Right.

Coach  4:29  
And so we could help to kind of like, fix those ideas per student by pointing them to that right paragraph to and even just saying, like, could you read paragraph 20? Do you still think that she's calm or excited, right? And then that way, we can not only ask students for text evidence to support their answers, but then also when students give us an answer that we don't feel is correct. Then we can point them to read another text another section from the text, right? I love that how you brought that up because that's so Something else that we can learn more thinking about using text evidence and asking students for text evidence, we can then use text evidence to help them to fix their thinking when they're missing when they're mistaken or having this understanding, okay?

Participant  5:13  
So we could ask them like, oh, like, how do you like what part in the passage does? Like she said that she's relaxed, and then after that we can be like, Okay, what about like, when they tell us that it's like, you know, maybe like, Okay, what about in this word says, and then we can read that for them?

Coach  5:30  
Yes, that's, that is exactly right. You came up with both kind of sections and questions we want to ask. And we're over on our time, so we're gonna have to go ahead again, but that was excellent. And in this next round, you will just start right again with question number one. Okay. Excited to see you again.

