Coach  0:01  
Alright, Dominique, how did you feel about that first round?

Participant 0:05  
I felt really good. I didn't expect it to be so like for them to have the answers that I kind of answered on the pre assessment. So that was pretty crazy to me.

Coach 0:15  
Um, well, um, I could definitely tell that you were prepared in that you had put a lot of thought into the questions. And I noticed, especially with you recognized, and they had a mistake, and you really wanted to make sure that they understood which what the correct answer was, which is super important because we sometimes maneuvering around wrong answers can feel a little awkward, but you seemed to really be able to identify when an answer was incorrect. So while that's a strength, I also think that's something that we can improve upon for the second round, and figuring out how we can help students to recognize the mistake, less of us telling them what the correct answers and more of asking questions to help the students get to the correct answer to themselves. Okay, so what was one of the answers that you heard that was incorrect, or that was wrong?

Participant  1:07  
Um, I think one of them was that, Lisa, I think it had to do with Oh, I think it was for number one, when they said that Lisa was feeling like excited. And it was like suspense and excitement.

Coach  1:22  
Right. Okay. So, you when Ethan says excited, you said she was feeling excited. You're right. But Lisa's also nervous because she's wondering if he's going to find out the falsified results, right. And then what part of the text makes you recognize that Lisa's nervous and not excited?

Participant  1:43  
Okay, so the part would be when she Okay, um, when it comes to the lie detector test, she said, Okay, Lisa smiled and thanked him but her heart rate, heart rate was beating up in her hands for going climbing with sweat.

Coach 1:58  
Yeah. So Paragraph 14, right? Yes. Okay. So let's think about how we could kind of instead of tell Ethan, that part, what if we came up with some sort of questions, so that way we can to recognize that this question is talking about this part? And not necessarily what may? What might Ethan might be thinking is exciting. Lisa? Right. So how might we ask a question that can point Ethan in the direction of paragraph 14?

Participant  2:25  
Because we could ask him like, what makes him what? Like, what? What of her body language is making him think that she was excited? Yeah,

Coach 2:41  
so one, you could just say, you know, what, in the text makes you think he's, she's excited first, right? And then we might be able to see where he's getting the excited information from? Right. What if he says, just the idea of one thing, right? And maybe he's not looking at paragraph 14? How could we then follow up with pointing him to think about paragraph 14?

Participant  3:01  
So could we redirect his attention to paragraph 14 and be like, Okay, well, I see where you're coming from. Let's take a look at paragraph 14 and reread, or like, yeah,

Coach 3:13  
look, again. That's exactly right. Because we're saying, we're asking Ethan, where he's getting his ideas of excited from. And then we're asking him to go back and look himself, rather than us tell him. In paragraph 14, it says her hands are clammy, and her heart is pounding, right? We're giving him the opportunity to go back and look there. So that's exactly right. What you're saying is to say, you know, that might be one thing, but let's look at paragraph 14. Do you think she's excited? Or do you think she's feeling something new, right? true, very true. And then he might be able to come to those realizations and fix that on his own. So you're really able to come up with a sequence of questions there. So let's kind of practice right now and pretend I'm a student. And I think that leaves us calm.

Participant  3:57  
Okay, so where in paragraph 14? Can we see the text that supports that Lisa's calm? What about her body language lets us know that she's calm.

Coach 4:08  
Well, I love looking at paragraph 22. Because it says that she smiled and relaxed. So that's where I got she was calm.

Participant  4:15  
Okay, I can see that you looked at paragraph 22. And that's after she's been cleared with the lie detector test. But let's think about her emotions before that question of the light.

Coach  4:28  
Ohhhh so like, even in paragraph, like 20, maybe, or paragraph 14, you said, Oh, clammy and our hearts racing. Okay, maybe she's not calm.

Participant  4:38  
Yeah, definitely those would be signs of nervousness or unsure.

Coach  4:43  
Okay, so what we did there was great because you, you asked me, you know, what I was where I was feeling that she was excited. We might want to ask that without pointing to a specific paragraph first, but you know, asking for why I was thinking that she was excited. And then you follow up with pointing me in the right direction without doing all of the thinking for me. So in this next round when students have those misconceptions, I want us to remember to keep asking for text evidence, but then also maybe ask a question pointing them in the right direction. Okay? Okay, perfect. All righty. I'm gonna go ahead and turn camera off. And when the students pop pop up again, you may then simulation

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
