TeachSIM Staff  0:00  
How did that feel for you? 

Teacher  0:08
I felt really good. I really liked the different questions that the students were able to provide. Really like Savannahs question about the, Lisa being a reporter undercover, I never thought about, like interpreting the story that way.

TeachSIM Staff  0:33  
Hi, actually this kind of something that I, I thought you did really well with is being really positive and supportive around student answers and like, really feeling, I felt like a very welcoming open environment and like I thought that, that I felt good. Like you're positive, your energy felt good for the scenario. So good job there. Something that I want to work on is actually attached to something that you did almost really well. And I just want to work on it a little bit more. And that is having students provide the textual evidence. So why do you think it's important for students to provide a textual evidence and then stating the claim like Lisa is nervous? Why is that not enough? Why is it claim itself not?

Teacher  1:36  
Um, the reason why I think students should cite where they got their information, is just, I mean, because right now we're talking about stories. So if you say how they were saying, oh, in paragraph three, first of all shows the teacher that they first of all read the, you know, they read the story correctly. And two, for interpretations like, as Savannah said, it's like she said, about how no one's, how no reporters ever gone, no seen him or interview him. And like, for me, I never thought of that. I thought that she was like a spy, who was, who was from a different company trying to like get info on their company, and it just provides more evidence to support their statements.

TeachSIM Staff  2:36  
Yes, it helps you to like see where they're thinking, right? To see like, see, if they're getting an answer wrong. Where are they looking? And where can you push them to look elsewhere? So something that you did and where I want to tweak it is, in the beginning, when Lisa, when Jasmine said that Lisa was feeling nervous, your response was nervous. What makes you say that? And then you also said, when Ethan said, I thought Lisa was really excited about the new job. He said, can you explain why he felt like that? So you're getting close to getting students to give me textual evidence. But what I'm looking for is for you to explicitly ask for textual evidence so that students understand that what they're, what they're looking for, is that textual evidence. So if I were to model this for you, and if Jasmine told me that Lisa was feeling nervous, my response would be something like, thank you for using textual evidence, or thank you, but using textual evidence, tell me how you know this. I'm going to put this in the chat. Thank you, but using textual evidence, tell me how you know this, or then say, great, can you tell me where in the text supports your answer? So in both those examples, I'm clear, I'm specifically asking for evidence from the text. So I just want to shift your language around. Instead of asking why do you think that, ask where in the text helps, makes you think that. Okay? Let's practice. Let's practice. I'm going to be a student, and you're going to ask me, how is Lisa most likely feeling when Pismo brings up the lie detector results. Alright, go for it.

Teacher  4:52  
Okay, oh, okay. Do I start just by saying the question or how I would redo like the simulator again?

TeachSIM Staff  5:08  
You will say the question and I'm going to give you an answer and you are going to do the simulator again.

Teacher  5:17  
Oh, okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Okay, so, question one, how does the Lisa most likely feel when Pismo brings up her lie detector results?

TeachSIM Staff  5:30  
Lisa is nervous.

Teacher  5:34  
Great. Can you tell me where in the texts that, where in the texts supports your answer?

TeachSIM Staff  5:44  
Yeah. Um, so in paragraph 20, it says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest. So this made me think that she was nervous.

Teacher  5:57  
Okay.

TeachSIM Staff  5:59  
All right. And see. So just get used to saying, asking for text evidence, text evidence, where in the text, how did you get this evidence. Okay? And we're going to practice this again in the next simulation. Do you have any questions before we begin the next simulation?

Teacher  6:21  
Um, no, no, I think I'm good.

TeachSIM Staff  6:35  
So we're gonna start the next round, but in this round, we're going to focus on asking for text evidence. All right. Good luck. 

Teacher  6:47
Okay, thank you.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
