Coach  0:00  
Alright, Participant, how did you feel about that quality of feedback simulation?

Participant  0:04  
It was good, because you don't know what they're gonna throw at you. So I would get nervous.

Coach  0:10  
Yes, I definitely noticed some strengths. One thing that I noticed that was really strong within that first question, you really engaged with Jasmine about why the heart pounding, made that student feel nervous, and you really connected the text to her own experiences, which is really great to help kind of solidify why that's an appropriate answer. To make your simulation even stronger, and the next round, I think we should focus on having helping students to assist in revising their misunderstandings, by ensuring that we continue to probe for that text evidence to help them clarify when they have a misunderstanding. Did you notice anywhere in the text for students or anywhere in a simulation where a student responded with something that was incorrect?

Participant  1:01  
Um no under I don't want to caught me off not really off guard was when she said that you were undercover.

Coach  1:10  
Okay. Yes. So that could have been one of the that could have been an option. But let's, let's go back and think about Ethan's response to the first job. Or to the first question of that. Lisa was feeling excited? Um, do you think that that would be an appropriate answer? 

Participant  1:28  
No. 

Coach  1:29  
No. Right. So and I could tell that you thought that because you, you then asked like, Well, how could she be there for a new job? And he just starts talking about the elevator and New York and all of these things, right. But we will help Ethan see that excited isn't really the best solution for that. So the way we do that is we can probe with text evidence for the student. So when Ethan first says I thought she was excited, we could ask him what in the text makes you think that? And we can first see where he's looking? And what is making him think this? Right. And so he, he talks about in the beginning in paragraph two, there's the elevator with no buttons, right? But what part in the text do we want Ethan to be looking at for this question? About Lisa his feelings?

Participant  2:28  
Why she started saying about how nervous she was.

Coach  2:31  
Right? And so where in the text Do you see that?

Participant  2:37  
I think it started in five I'm not sure, she was nervous. She was really nervous throughout the whole thing

Coach  2:51  
Yeah so she was nervous throughout the whole thing. So this question specifically asks about when the lie detector results are brought up. And so we would really be thinking about paragraph 14, or paragraph 20, even. So we could help to clarify Ethan's misunderstanding by after he gives us his text evidence. We could ask him to read a paragraph with the text evidence that has the right answer in it. So after Ethan says he's excited, we could ask him for text evidence. And then we could say, okay, well, let's look at paragraph 20. Do you still think that Lisa is excited here?

Participant  3:37  
Okay, okay. Okay. Okay.

Coach  3:40  
And so then by using the text, Ethan can clarify his misunderstanding using the questions and texts that you've provided, but he's still doing the reading and doing thinking on his own. 

Participant  3:53  
Okay. I understand

Coach  3:54  
So let's, um, let's pretend I'm a student and I, for the second question, I say, I think Lisa is Pismo's daughter. What would you say to me there?

Participant  4:11  
I'd be like, oh, I would probably like, where, what textual evidence gives you the hint that she's his daughter.

Coach  4:21  
You know, I just think that I don't know anything in the text that makes me think she's his daughter, but I just, I just think that she's, she's lying. So I just think she's his daughter.

Participant  4:36  
Oh, got it. I don't know how to reply to that.

Coach  4:39  
So you could say you could say, well, let's dig into the text and see, you know, a paragraph that might tell us something differently. And then you could go with, you know, at least well, look at paragraph four. We know that she has a cover, what might it be a cover for okay, but at least we want to make sure that we asked students For the text evidence, right, so that we can then use the text evidence to support their understandings or misunderstandings. Okay. So in this next round Participant, I want us to think about how we're going to use text evidence questions that specifically asked for text evidence to as a follow up to students when they're both correct and incorrect. okay?

Participant  5:24  
Yes, and how what? What could happen if I take forever like to know which paragraph it is that it's at?

Coach  5:32  
We can't go any longer because you've already gone over on our five minutes for coaching, but just take your time and look when you need to. Okay, okay.

Participant  5:38  
Thank you. All right.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
