TeachSIM Staff  0:01  
All right, teacher, how did you feel about that simulation?

Teacher  0:05  
Nerve racking?

TeachSIM Staff  0:09  
Well, I think one, I noticed some things you did well, that you're not saying, you definitely engage with the students, and you had a lot of like, substantive additional questions that really help students make sense of the text and make sense of their thinking. And so while that's a strength, I also think that we can build off of that, especially when students have those wrong answers, to think about how we can ask questions that can scaffold that are scaffolded that help students to recognize their misunderstandings on their own, so that we're still letting the students be the thinkers and the doers and the readers in our class. Okay? So where was it time where student answered with something that you thought was wrong?

Teacher  0:52  
Well, right now, I think his name was Dev with the spy one.

TeachSIM Staff  0:56  
Okay, so, um, we don't know if that's necessarily wrong. What would be, because that's kind of left up to like, what are students thinking and what their evidence is? And if with you were to talk a little bit further about that, but did any of the students respond with somebody that we know is wrong for that question?

Teacher  1:17  
For the second, or the first one, or for both of them? 

TeachSIM Staff  1:20
For the second one. 

Teacher  1:22
For the second one. Well, I didn't, I know one of the students had brought up that she is the reporter, which is, and she also showed me evidence on that, on, by giving me the paragraph.

TeachSIM Staff  1:35  
Right. So the only wrong answer to that one is that she's actually the student intern. Right? Because what in the text tells us that she's not a student intern. Is there anything in the reading that tells us pretty explicitly that she's not?

Teacher  1:50  
No, yeah. But it says right off the bat that she is a student intern.

TeachSIM Staff  1:53  
Yes. So then if you look at paragraph four, it says it, Pismo was so smart, would he be able to tell who she really is? Would he know that her cover as an intern was all a lie? So that paragraph is really important to this question. And it's really, so when students think like she is the student intern, we want them to recognize that we don't know who she really is, she might be, she might be a spy, she might be undercover with the CIA, we don't know. But we do know that she's not the student intern. Okay. And so when students have misunderstandings, we want to go through a series of questions with them, we want to first ask them what their text evidence is, so that we can have some insight into what they are thinking, which you typically asked, you know, why do you think that? So that would be like an appropriate first question. We could just enhance it a little bit by asking what in the text makes you think that? Or where did you read that? Would you, sometimes included that little extra word, but we want to include that all the time. So then after students provide us so like when Ava says, she's the new student intern, you asked, why do you think that? And she said, it says it in the first line, right? So then where we're really going to practice in this next round is how we can then ask another question to the students that points them in the right direction of the text by simply saying something like, hey, Ava, could you read paragraph four for me? Do you still think that she's a student intern, right? And that way, we're providing Ava the opportunity to go back into the reading. Remember, or reread or gather new information and text evidence, and then revise for thinking. So, that would be a way to do that for that question, specifically by looking at paragraph four. But let's practice with another scenario. Okay? This is gonna be answering question number one. So I'm a student and I say, I think that Lisa's calm. What would you ask me?

Teacher  4:06  
Where in the text shows you that she is calm?

TeachSIM Staff  4:10  
Excellent. In paragraph 22, it says that she smiled and relaxed.

Teacher  4:16  
Okay, and then I would ask, before reading that paragraph, did you still believe she was calm? Before reading paragraph 20, 22? 

TeachSIM Staff  4:32  
Um, yeah, I think so. And so you could, instead of just saying before reading paragraph two, is there a specific paragraph that you could ask me to read?

Teacher  4:41  
Yes, it was. Let me find it. It's just the one where she mentioned her heart racing when he brings up the lie detector test. 

TeachSIM Staff  4:49
Paragraph 20.

Teacher  4:51  
Yeah, okay. 

TeachSIM Staff  4:55
So just ask that question, now.

Teacher  4:59  
Can I ask, I can say could you go ahead and read paragraph 20 for me?

TeachSIM Staff  5:04  
I could read it. Oh, her heart's pounding. Okay.

Teacher  5:10  
Yes. And then I can ask another one by saying like, so do you still think she was relaxed?

TeachSIM Staff  5:18  
That's excellent. So our time is up. But in this next round, I want you to kind of follow that same sort of, those three questions, that asking for text evidence, from that asking to read some new information. And then the idea that do you still think, whatever you're thinking, so in this next round, just use kind of those scaffolded questions to help students recognize their mistakes.

Teacher  5:40  
Do I go back to one or you continue with two?

TeachSIM Staff  5:43  
You start right with question number one, just like first round didn't even happen. All right.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
