Coach  0:01  
Alright, Teacher. How did you feel about the first round?

Teacher  0:03  
It was kind of funny. At first, I was like, Okay, I'm talking fake people. I'm gonna pretend they're real.

Coach  0:12  
Well, I think you did a great job pretending. You seemed very, like, authentic and natural and able to respond to the fake students. So, that was definitely a plus. You didn't seem uncomfortable at all. I think for what we can work on is- I think something that can be helpful to us is when we ask students questions that really access their thinking, because sometimes students don't provide us with the most comprehensive answer the first time. So when you are using a text based reading like this, how do you want students to respond? What do you want them to include in their answer?

Teacher  0:55  
More descriptions, I guess, on what we read, maybe?

Coach  1:00  
Right. So you said- We want them to include, then, this claim, which is what they think the answer is, but then also provide that description using what you've read, right, to explain why they think that. So if we think about that first question, you know, Lisa is nervous. That nervous would be the claim, followed by the evidence that, you know, in paragraph 14, it says her hands are clammy, her heart is racing, she can barely catch her breath, right? We want students to give us those descriptive details from the text. 

Teacher  1:39  
Mmhm.ea

Coach  1:39  
So, when we do that, we are able to- Or, we can ask questions to students that can support them in providing us with that detailed text evidence. Okay? So one time we can do that is to simply practice probing with students by saying, you know, where in the text do you find that? Or, what in the text makes you think that? But by specifically asking students to explain their answer using text evidence. So, if we look back in the last simulation, when Jas- Jasmine said that Lisa was feeling nervous, and you responded with, "Why was she feeling nervous?" So, you were asking more about what was going on in the story, but we could ask a similar question that would provide more of the description from the text by just saying, "What in the text makes you think she is nervous?" Do you see the difference between the two questions?

Teacher  2:48  
Right, I kind of answered it for them. I should have asked a little bit more.

Coach  2:53  
Yeah, yeah! So by asking- And the same thing sort of happened with Ethan, right? You were like, "That's correct. She's feeling excited because she was going to a new job. But I think she also mentioned she was pretending to be an intern." So rather than necessarily give Ethan all that information, we could ask him, "What in the text makes you think she's excited?" So, let's just practice a couple different ways of asking that question. So, I'm a student for question number one and I say, I think that Lisa's calm. What would you ask me next?

Teacher  3:32  
What makes you think that she's calm?

Coach  3:35  
Okay, so you ask me what makes me think that she's calm, which is correct, but we want to make sure we add that little specific part in there that says what in the story or what in the text. But that makes sure that it's not- That just helps students to recognize that we want evidence or description from the text and not a connection to my own thoughts. Like, "Well, if I were at a new job, I'd be calm and ready because I'm prepared." Right? So, we want the student to use the text, so we just want to make sure that little line goes in there. What in the text makes you think that she's calm? Or, what in the story? Okay, so what if I answer question number two and I say, I think that Lisa is Pizmo's daughter.

Teacher  4:22  
Okay, so what in the text makes you think that Lisa is Prizmo's daughter? Wait, what's the- Pizmo's daughter? I can't say his name. I think it starts with an "R" and then I realize it doesn't. I mean, I don't know.

Coach  4:38  
No worries. So, that's exactly right. In both of those practices, you showed me that you could follow up with asking "what in the" text and "what-" or, "what in the story" or "what paragraph do you see that in." Something to where we are following up with student responses by asking for that text evidence. In this next round, I just want us thinking about how we can support students in providing that description by asking for text evidence. Okay? 

Teacher  5:07  
So we're gonna do it again?

Coach  5:09  
Yes. And you will just start from the beginning with question number one. Okay? 

Teacher  5:15  
Okay. 

Coach  5:16  
Alright. When the students pop back up, you can go ahead and begin simulation

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
