Coach  0:01  
Alright, Participant, how did you feel the first round went?

Participant  0:05  
Oh, I feel like I could have done better. I don't know, this is my first time doing this. So I feel like I got nervous even though they weren't real students.

Coach  0:17  
That's very natural. This is a little bit of a nerve wracking experience, because it is totally new. I did think that you did really well. I just kind of maintaining this, like calm, but also enthusiastic, demeanor, where you are really working to ask all students questions, and you are showing that you are listening to them. So that's super important. One thing that I think that we can work on for the second round, is looking at how we can scaffold students comprehension, especially when they have a misunderstanding. Were there any times that students responded and you weren't quite sure what to say that?

Participant  0:56  
Yes, especially when they said that he he might be, she might be a spy for another company. I wasn't really sure how to like, correct her. Yeah.

Coach  1:08  
So we will definitely talk about how to respond to students, especially when they struggle to comprehend that spy response actually is like an appropriate response, because she gave a lot of evidence there. But for some of those other ones, when students are struggling to get the comprehension, and they don't understand something, we want our feedback to them to support and scaffold their understanding. So can you think of a time when a student gave a response that maybe indicated they didn't fully understand the text? Or that they didn't have the answer you were expecting?

Participant  1:41  
The beginning, she said that she thought that Lisa was excited about her new job, because her heart was pounding.

Coach  1:47  
Yeah, so. Yeah, so the first student says nervous, and you ask why. And that students had our heart was pounding, but then that second student said that they were excited. And you just sort of said, Okay, why do you think she's excited? And then the student elaborated on this new company and elevator with no buttons, and then you just sort of be like, okay, um, so we want to think about how we can help that student using text evidence. And so the student gave evidence, but wasn't the evidence related to the question necessarily?

Participant  2:32  
Not not really.

Coach  2:34  
Right, because this question asks how she feels about the lie detector results, right? So if you are the teacher, what paragraphs in the text Do you think the student might talk about when they think about how she's feeling with the lie detector results? What do you think students might point out from the text?

Participant  3:01  
Oh, hold on, where is it? Maybe number 14, where she smiled and thanked him. But her heart rate was speeding up and her hands were growing clammy with sweat.

Coach  3:24  
Right? That would be a great paragraph. So Ethan's talking about all this with, you know, it's a cool company, and it's New York and all these things. But that's not quite the part of the text we want him to look for. So can you think of a question that we could ask him, that would point him in the right direction using that text that you just picked out?

Participant  3:44  
A question?

Coach  3:56  
If you're stumped, that's okay. But we could just we could ask, we could just say, you know, that's really interesting, Ethan, but this is talking about the lie detector results. Could you read paragraph 14 for me? By pointing him in the right direction of a paragraph, but also asking him to do the reading, we're scaffolding his understanding by giving him a section to look at, but not telling him the right answer. Does that make sense? 

Participant  4:23  
Yeah, no, that makes total total sense. 

Coach  4:25  
So we're able to help push him in the right direction, but still give him the power to do the thinking. So if, like on the next question, where they asked about how she's the student intern, we might say, okay, it does say that in paragraph one, but what about paragraph four, and still then provide students an opportunity to look somewhere else in the text so that they can correct their misunderstanding. Does that make sense? 

Participant  4:55  
Yes. 

Coach  4:56  
Okay, so in this next round, I want us to think about how we can make sure that we ask where in the text people are getting their evidence from. But then also, when students have that misunderstanding to point them in the right direction by giving them a line or a paragraph to look at, okay. 

Participant  5:14  
Okay. 

Coach  5:15  
All right, so it is time for our next round. So, I'm looking forward to seeing how you apply some of that to round two.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
