Coach  0:03  
All right, how did you think that went? Well, I don't I don't hear you say anything good. But I definitely noticed, you were prepared. And I saw you referring back to the text, which shows that you know what you're expecting, or you want students to say, and even when they didn't necessarily always get there, you knew the part in the text that went with the story. And so you were attempting to help get them to the right answer there. So that's definitely great. And you're hopefully going to feel more prepared for round two after we do this little coaching round. So, one thing I noticed was that you often referred like to the text, and like you said, let's look at paragraph 14. But you didn't necessarily ask the students for where in the text they found their claim, or why they think the answer is that okay, so in this next round, I want us to focus on supporting students by probing for text evidence. So that way, when students give us their claim of what they think we can then ask for text evidence, so that they can then support their claim with actual evidence from the text in a similar way that you did by saying, line 14, we want students to also be able to share with us, let's look at line 14, right. So if we think about a scenario, from our simulation, we, even when we ask how she's feeling Ethan says she was feeling excited about her new job. And then you repeated that, what could we have maybe said to Ethan, instead of just repeating what he said that would have prompted him for text evidence?

Participant 2:03  
You could have gotten ahead enough, like where, where it said that she was excited.

Coach  2:12  
Yeah, so we could have just said, you know, where in the text, do you think that she's excited? And then, um, I know that you were trying to then like, fix his misunderstanding by saying, like, let's look in this other direction. But if he at least gives us his evidence, then we can at least see what he was thinking, and then maybe help him to pivot that misunderstanding, right? We can see the source of the misunderstanding before we address it. Does that make sense? Yes. Um, so let's try for. Another one of our responses, where Ava says, She's the new student intern, right. What could you have? What could you have asked Ava in response to that?

Participant  3:05  
So this is about looking for you said, to look for that. We want them to hear with text evidence, right?

Coach  3:13  
Yes. So what could we ask Ava to see why she thinks that? Lisa's only the new student intern? We could just

Participant  3:24  
The same as the other ones. Like where in the text.

Coach  3:28  
Yeah. Like we're in the we're in the text, you see that? She's the new student intern. Right? And then Lisa, or Ava's probably like, the very first line, right? And so maybe what how could we ask her another question that helps her to point for text evidence somewhere else you think?

Participant  3:52  
You can maybe ask her, maybe something similar to what I did with thinks it was Ethan. Take a look at a different paragraph.

Coach 4:01  
Yeah, that'd be great. And so giving her the authority there. You actually said in your response, like, can you take a look at line 14, but then you kept talking about it? So we could say, you know, Eva, why don't you read paragraph 14?

Participant 4:19  
Oh, sorry to interrupt. If you ask them, like, if you tell them can you look alike? Can they? What they read it out loud? That's?

Coach  4:24  
Yeah, so in this situation, they are equipped to respond with lines in the text. So if you could say to Ava, you know, why don't you look at line 14, can you read it? And then she could read it. And then you could say, you know, oh, why do you think she's so nervous? Right? And you could ask those same questions, but we want to make sure when we ask the questions, we position the students to think about it and not just think about it ourselves as the teacher. Okay, so in this next round, because our five minutes is about to be up. In this next round. I want you thinking about how you can rope for text evidence so that the students give you that evidence for their claims and not just from the teacher okay

Participant 5:06  
okay all right

Coach
  5:11  
you may begin simulation

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
