TeachSIM Staff  0:03  
All right, teacher, how did you feel about that?

Teacher  0:07  
Um, I feel better now that I did it.

TeachSIM Staff  0:10  
Good. I think that there were some elements that you did that were really strong. For example, with that first question, you not only immediately asked students for text evidence, but then you also linked that to what we call a warrant, which is the connection of the text evidence to how they know the answer. So like with that heart pounding, you even, you didn't leave it there, you've probed further and asked, you know, why does a heart pounding make you think that she's nervous, which shows that you've got a really strong understanding of both the text and some questioning to help students make their thinking clearer. Was there any part that you felt uncomfortable responding to? Or you, that caught you off guard? Maybe? 

Teacher  0:53  
I feel like, I forgot which one it was. But like when they give like short answers, like sometimes I don't know how to build upon it. Like to the text.

TeachSIM Staff  1:03  
Yeah. So let's think about that, particularly with maybe a student when they get a wrong answer, because I think I noticed that's where you ask less questions, you weren't maybe sure how to help them build in the right direction. So if we think about Ethan, and he says that she's excited, or that she's excited. You said, I understand why you might say that, because it's the start of a new job. But then you sort of pivot into that new question, right? You had all this really robust questioning, it was correct. But we have that same sort of questioning when it's wrong, so that we can help students revise their misunderstandings. So what could be something that we asked Ethan to understand more about what he's thinking when he gets us that answer that he's that, she's excited?

Teacher  1:51  
Maybe like when people start new jobs or go somewhere new, they might feel excited. So it's like an expected emotion. And maybe you can tell Ethan to like, look at the, like, some keywords in the passage to show that it is like suspenseful.

TeachSIM Staff  2:07  
Yeah. So the first thing we would want to do those, we would want to know why Ethan's excited and then we could maybe point him to another part of the passage, like you were saying. So the first thing we could ask is the same thing we asked kind of all students in this situation is like, what in the text makes you think that? Or where in the text do you think that she's excited? But then that way, we have a little bit of insight into what Ethan is thinking and where he's getting that evidence from, because it could be that you're right, he's not even thinking about the text. He's just thinking about himself. Right? But then, how, so what part in the text,what were some of those words that you were thinking of that you would maybe want to draw Ethan's attention to that signa nervous?

Teacher  2:46  
Um, well, there was just one sentence where it was, if Pismo was so smart, would he be able to tell she really was. So it's kind of like, she's trying to hide the fact, she's like, faking, that she's like, excited in the beginning, kind of like to,

TeachSIM Staff  3:05  
Okay, so that's in paragraph 4, right? And then even later on with a lie detector test, in paragraph 14, and 20. So any of those three paragraphs, 4 14 or 20, could be useful and helping Ethan revise his thinking. So what could we say to Ethan, to have him, look at paragraph 4 or look at paragraph 14 or 20? 

Teacher  3:37
What was the question? 

TeachSIM Staff  3:39
What can we say to Ethan, to have him look at that, that new paragraph?

Teacher  3:48  
Well, I feel like the first step was to make sure to tell him that like he's not incorrect, like for he could, his self esteem wouldn't go down.

TeachSIM Staff  3:57  
So to this, this is not the correct answer to this question. So we don't want to tell him that he's not, that he's not wrong. But we could say, you know, after asking for his text evidence, we could say like, okay, that's interesting, but let's think about when Ethan, when Pismo brings up the lie detector results. Ethan, could you read paragraph 20 for me? And then he could read it, like her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest that she could hear it. And then we could ask him a third question. So we've asked for text evidence. We've asked him to read new text evidence, and then ask him, do you still think that she's feeling excited? So then we can ask him to revise his answer. So that way, he's able to correct his misconception through your questioning. No, I want you to practice saying those like three questions to me. So I'm a student and I say that I think that Lisa's calm. What's the first question you're going to ask me?

Teacher  4:54  
Where in the passage does it state that she might be feeling calm?

TeachSIM Staff  4:59  
I read in paragraph 22, it says she's relaxed. 

Teacher  5:06  
Okay, and could you be able to read paragraph 22 to me?

TeachSIM Staff  5:10  
Yeah, so then I read it, it says, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then what's your third question?

Teacher  5:15  
Um, it states that Lisa's heart is pounding so loudly in her chest. Does that mean that she's calm? Or does that,

TeachSIM Staff  5:24  
No, not really. I guess you're right. Maybe she's nervous. Okay? So by using the text, you don't have to explicitly say that Ethan's right or wrong, but he's able to revise his thinking by asking him a series of questions rooted in the text. Okay? So when we do that in round two, I just want you to go ahead and think about how you can use the text to scaffold questions. 

Teacher  5:46
Okay.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
