Coach  0:00  
Congratulations you finished the first one. So we're now going to spend five minutes talking about how it went? Okay, great. So I'd love to hear a little bit about your thoughts about what you think went well, and what you think was challenging.

Teacher  0:26  
Okay, maybe the challenging parts were like, when people were, well, when one of the students came up with their own things like where they said he was a spy, or like, something like that, and then going back to the like, book or like telling them in a good way that that's not like the correct answer. I got a little nervous there. I don't know. 

Coach  0:53  
Yeah, I mean, that's a really challenging part of teaching for sure. And I taught English and so I had to do it all the time. And it was, it was very, very hard. So that that makes total sense. Before we talk about what we can do with that, I want to make sure that you are aware that a) it was really clear that you that you knew the text really well. And that's like a first step, you can't support students, if you don't, yourself, know, the texts. So that's really important that you should always keep doing that, always the first step anytime you're reading texts in class. And then secondly, it's really it's really good that you're paying attention to what students are saying and comparing it to what you understand from the text, and try and decide, okay, what support do I need to give students? That's, that's awesome. Now, what you chose to do in those moments was to sort of tell students the correct answer, and then when students gave the correct answer, you said, okay, yes, you're correct. What I want to push you to try differently in the next simulation is to sort of step back from trying to correct them - it makes it makes total sense that you would want to like that feels like the way to help - but we want to shift some more of the work on to the students first. And where we want to help them... we don't want to just say like, you're wrong, go figure out the right answer... we want to sort of give them a chance to see it themselves. So the first thing that I want you to do, and this is even if a student gives a correct answer, anytime you're getting an answer, if the student doesn't tell you how they know that's the answer doesn't give you reasoning, you should be asking them, first thing, why why do you think that, but not just why do you think that, what in the text is making you think? Does that make sense? 

Teacher  2:34  
Okay, yes. 

Coach  2:36  
Okay. Now, I'm gonna ask you, why do you think it's important to ask students to give evidence for their answers?

Teacher  2:43  
To make sure that they really do know the answer, and they're not just like guessing.

Coach  2:48  
Yes, absolutely. We don't want to give credit. Yeah, we don't want to give credit to a student who got it, right, because they're guessing and then we can't help them. And if they're not getting it, right, then their answer for why they think that can help you figure out what the mistake is, and how to provide the appropriate support to help them. Now, if you do that with a student who already knows the correct answer, hopefully they know it because they found the evidence, and they'll give you that evidence. If you do that with a student who doesn't have the correct answer, then the student might say, Oh, I don't have any evidence and like, not know what to do, but realize that they're incorrect, or the student might find you evidence that's not appropriate, and you have to figure out how to support them. The most important thing I want you to focus on is just making sure you ask them for text evidence. But the the hint that I'm going to give you, once you do that, and you're not sure what to do next, is to just instead of telling students the answer, show them the place in the text, say let's read this paragraph, and then ask them the question again, so you're not telling them the answer. You're just helping them see where they should look for evidence to form their own answer. So that's a couple of different steps. So we're gonna practice that briefly before you go back into the simulation. So I'm going to pretend to be a student. I'm going to give you an incorrect answer. So the first thing you're going to do is what? What's the first thing you're going to do?

Teacher  2:48  
Okay, so I'm gonna say for us to read this story together, like the parargraph for where the answer might be.

Coach  4:36  
That's the second thing you're gonna do. That's okay. The first thing you're gonna do. Always, always, is ask me, what in the text makes you think that. Then, if I give you bad evidence, or I'm still wrong, then you point me in the text to where we should look together. Okay. So I think that Lisa was feeling angry when Pizmo told her about the lie detector results,

Teacher  5:04  
Okay, what makes you think that Lisa was angry?

Coach  5:08  
Well, Pizmo was asking her lots of personal questions and I get angry when people ask me personal questions. You don't need to answer it. So what that needs to show you is that you didn't ask me for evidence from the text, you just asked me why I thought that and so I could give you the answer that was like well because I would feel that way. So make sure you say like, show me where in the text makes you think that or what evidence. Okay, that wasn't to trick you or make you feel that, it's tricky. Lots of the other people that I work with, they're also like oh, why and then they forget about the evidence part. So that's what I want you to focus on when you go back in the simulation today. It's going to work exactly the same as it did last time, you'll have five minutes you don't have to worry about giving behavioral directions and you're using those same three discussion questions in order and you can take a minute if you want and just let me know when you're ready to start. 

