Coach  0:04  
Participant, how'd that feel for you?

Participant  0:06  
I got kinda nervouse at some points. And I felt like I didn't. At some points I didn't know like what to, to reply.

Coach  0:16  
That's totally understandable. I get that way with kids sometimes, too. And that's actually we're going to work a little bit on that today too. Something that I thought you did really well, was, I actually really liked one of your, like teacher moves when you ask students whether or not they agree or disagree with Ava, because you knew that Ava's answer wasn't incorrect, but it wasn't quite there. So pushing students to agree or disagree increases discourse within students. So I liked that teacher move. So great job there. What I want to work on today is I want to focus on how do we probe students to give us textual evidence. And this is something that you're really close to doing, I just want to tweak it to really get to the textual evidence part and to have students giving you evidence straight from the text. So why do you think it's important for students to give you textual evidence?

Participant  1:16  
So they can or so that I can know where they're getting like their answer from?

Coach  1:22  
Yeah. Especially if it's a right answer or a wrong answer, especially for those wrong answers. You can really pin down like, where are they getting caught up. And where do I need to move them? Where do I need to move them so they can find the correct answer. And that's exactly why. Um so in the beginning, and this is where I thought you were so close. And I want to tweak this for you, I'm gonna model this model, how I would change what you already said. In the beginning, Jasmine says Lisa was feeling nervous. And you said, "Why do you think she was feeling nervous?" So you're asking them why, which is a good move. But we want to find out, we want to find out where they finding this evidence in the text. So I would shift it to great, using evidence from the text, tell me why you think she's feeling nervous. I would just add using evidence from the texts, tell me why you think she's feeling nervous. We want to specifically ask for textual evidence, so that students understand that that's the expectation. Just like when Savannah gave you that really great answer and had textual evidence, we want all students giving those kinds of answers and that be the norm. So we have to ask for that and set that expectation. So why might that be better?

Participant  2:50  
Um, like, I feel like for the older grades, when they're taking like this start exams or whatever the state exams, they're able to identify and find the correct answer.

Coach  3:04  
Yes, definitely. Yep. And it'll help them to go back into the text, like, help them develop that skill of going back into the text. Absolutely. So let's practice. I'm going to be a student, and you are going to be the teacher, you're going to ask me the first question, which is, how is Lisa most likely feeling when Pismo brings up the lie detector results? And then you're going to practice asking me for textual evidence. Right now? Yep. So whenever you ready?

Participant  3:45  
So how does Lisa most likely feel when Pismo brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  3:51  
Lisa is nervous.

Participant  3:55  
Okay, and why do you think she's feeling nervous?

Coach  3:59  
What are you missing?

Participant  4:01  
Oh, it's because I was gonna apply it afterwards. 

Coach  4:05  
No. You can apply it in the beginning.

Participant  4:08  
Okay. Sorry.

Coach  4:10  
No worries.

Participant  4:11  
So do I ask the question again.

Coach  4:13  
Go for it

Participant  4:14  
How does Lisa most likely feel when Pismo brings up her lie detector results.

Coach  4:21  
Lisa is nervous.

Participant  4:23  
Okay. And with textual evidence, are you able to tell me why you think she's feeling nervous?

Coach  4:31  
Yeah, I'm in paragraph 20, it says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest. So that made me think that she was nervous.

Participant  4:42  
Okay, good. Good. Yeah. When we get nervous, our heart starts to pound.

Coach  4:47  
Yes, absolutely. So and scene. That was really good. I like the way that you combine the two questions. Why is she feeling nervous and can you give me evidence in the beginning, so just make sure that you're using textual evidence in your, in your framing, anytime you hear student just give you a claim. So if a student just tells you, Oh, she's nervous or she's calm, oh, I think she's a spy. And your follow up is always going to be pushing that student to give you textual evidence 

Participant  5:28  
So every single time?

Coach  5:30  
 Yes. And that will help the student develop the skills and our help you understand where the student is finding their answers and track their thinking. Alrighty, so now we are going to go back into the simulation and try it again second time. And this time, like I said, we were focusing on asking for textual evidence. Okay. Do you have any questions before we begin? 

Participant  6:02  
No, I don't think so. 

Coach  6:04  
Okay

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
