Participant  0:03  
Okay, Mr. Jamie, what do I do now?

Coach  0:08  
Okay, so

Coach 0:11  
You're not supposed to do that. And this, I didn't make clear that we don't have the pause feature. Someone else had told me that y'all had a pause in the last one.

Coach  0:21  
We'll go ahead and get started on our coaching rounds now. So how did you think that went? I thought it went, 

Participant 0:25
Well, I just, I kind of forgot about the, 0:34  I guess the the text, like the scenario they gave me, so I didn't, I forgot what to say. So I kind of froze on some. 0:41 Well, okay. I feel like I would, like try to talk to them as good.

Coach 0:48  
Okay, so I, I definitely noticed that you were engaging the students that you had a calm demeanor, and that you were asking a lot of students to participate, which is important, so that we can 0:58  
gain persuasion from all students. And I think what we want to make sure we work on in this next round, is how we use the text, like as the focus of our discussion by using evidence from the text as much as possible. Okay, so when you are doing 1:15 when you're having a discussion about text with students, what do you want their answer to include?

Participant 1:30  
And you said that they know the, the scenario, right? 

Coach 1:35
Yes. So they know the reading. So when we ask students questions in this simulation, or in any other like text based discussion, we want our students answers to include the claim. So what they think the answer is, but we also want an answer that includes text evidence. So we want students to always provide us with evidence from the text. So like, in line 14, it says, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So when we think about the responses from students, they didn't always include text evidence. So our role as the teacher is to ask for text evidence every single time a student gives us a response. Okay. So if we think,

Participant 2:20  
them like, Okay, I'm Where do you where do you think it's better? Just to provide me with evidence, right?

Coach  2:27  
Yeah. So you could just say, like, where did you find that in the text? Or what in this story made you think that but we want to make sure we include something about the story that tacks to the paragraph, so that we're not just asking students to pull answers from outer space? But pull answers from the reading? 

Participant 2:45
Okay. And then other than that, do you have any other like feedback for me, or

Coach  2:51  
so that's gonna be the focus of it. So we've still got a couple more minutes in our coaching. And so if we think back to like, one of the things you said, um, when,

Unknown Speaker  3:01  
when Ethan says that Lisa was excited about her job, or at least was feeling excited, you 3:08  
restated the question 3:11  to just see what he would say again, but instead of restating the question, we should ask for evidence. So how might you ask and why he thinks Lisa's excited about her job, what could we ask him to look in the text for?

Participant 3:29  
I would just say like, can you 3:32 provide evidence for me in the in the story where, like, where he thought she felt happy, or excited? 

Coach 3:35
That's exactly right. So we could say, you know, what, where's there evidence in the text that you think she feels excited? Or what in the story makes you think that? But that way, we're explicitly asking for text evidence, okay. So if we're in a, 3:58  
if we're in a little role play scenario, here, I'm a student, and I raise my hand and I say, I think Lisa is feeling calm. How would you respond to me?

Participant 4:13  
So if I raise my hand to answer the question, and I say, I think Lisa's feeling calm. How would you respond to me? would be like, Okay, why do you think Lisa feels calm? Did you read that in the story? did? Did you do?

Coach 4:33  
Yes.

Coach 4:35  
Where in the story, so are you included? This idea of asking me why what was my evidence, but making sure that you address that that evidence needed to come from the story. So that was an important opportunity there. So in this next round, we want to make sure that whenever students respond to us, we ask them explicitly for text evidence to support their answer, whether they're right 5:00  
wrong we want to know where in the text we want to know paragraph numbers we want to know exactly where in the story students got that answer from. So we need to have that evidence to support the claim.

Participant  5:18  
excuse me sorry after the second round I can just do it how I did the first like and simulation when I think I'm done

Coach  5:26  
no i so it's supposed to last the five minutes and I will let you know when then simulation is your super speed round. Okay, and how long was that one? It's because I lost like I didn't know what else to say.

Participant  5:39  
Okay, well go ahead and get started on the next one. Okay. So, I will let you know when you can, you will finish and again so you may begin simulation

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
