Coach  0:00  
Alright, Participant, how did you feel about this simulation?

Participant  0:04  
Um, I didn't really know how to handle the students responses.

Coach  0:11  
Okay, what kind of responses do you think?

Participant  0:15  
Um, when they replied with comments that like, you wouldn't like I wouldn't expect it. 

Coach  0:25  
Okay. 

Participant  0:26  
Sometimes we always prepare for the correct responses. So then they respond with an incorrect and it's like, okay, it's like a curveball, like, how do I,

Coach  0:36  
We can definitely work on that during our coaching round. I don't hear yourself giving you an yourself any credit. So I do think that you I don't think you responded maybe as worried about it as you think you did. You definitely responded in a way to where you showed that you wanted students to understand that there was a problem with their answer, which is important because we want to acknowledge when something is wrong or a mistake or a misunderstanding, so that students can leave with  better understanding and leave with knowledge of what the right answer is. Right. And so I think you showed that you were on the right track of doing that. And so I think that today's coaching round, we can focus on how you ask questions to students to help them revise their thinking. 

Participant  1:27  
Okay. 

Coach  1:28  
So, let's think what was one of those wrong answers that you were thrown off by?

Participant  1:36  
That I don't think the student understood what suspense was.

Coach  1:43  
Okay. So that's one and then I have notes about some of the other ones though. So we're gonna. So when Ethan says that Lisa is excited, right? You respond by asking him what, what makes him feel that think that right, which is an appropriate first response, we could improve it a little bit by just adding the words like in the text or in the story, so that way we know we're looking for text evidence. But then Ethan replied with like, One Thing is a cool company, it has no buttons in the elevator. And you just said, like, I could see why you say that. And then you sort of pivoted back to Jasmine with being nervous. Okay. So what part of the story tells us that she's nervous, like, what paragraph? Do you have in your head that you're looking at that you want Ethan to read? 

Participant  2:38  
20

Coach  2:40  
20. Okay, so 

Participant  2:42  
I think 20

Coach  2:43  
Yeah, yeah. 20 is exactly right, because that's where it says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest, and she was sure he could hear it. That's right after Pismo brings up the lie detector results. So rather than kind of go back to Jasmine, could we bring Ethan's attention to paragraph 20? And we could do that by simply asking him like, Ethan, can you read paragraph 20 for me? You read it, and then we need to do you still think she's feeling excited? Or do you think she might be feeling something else? Right, but that way, we can ask him for his text evidence for his original answer. And then if it's not the point in the story that we're looking for, we can point him to a new paragraph, ask him to read it and see if he still thinks his answer is the same.

Participant  3:30  
Okay, 

Coach  3:30  
We can go ahead and practice. 

Participant  3:34  
What would be what would be the next paragraph that could lead him to the correct answer?

Coach  3:42  
For for the excited one?

Participant  3:45  
Yes. Because you, we agreed on 20. But let's say he doesn't respond with a correct answer

Coach  3:51  
Okay. Yeah. So say he says that instead of like, oh, heart pounding means I'm excited right. Is that what you're saying? Okay, and we could say, all right, let's read in paragraph 14. Because that's when her her heart's beating up, and her hands are clammy, and she's telling herself to relax. So that would be another good, that's good that you want to have a backup that shows you want to be really prepared. I like that. Teachers have to have a lot of backup plans. Yeah, so that would be another paragraph there. Right. And so, and then, even with paragraph four can even help with that too, because that's where she talks about how she lied.

Participant  3:51  
Okay, 

Coach  4:36  
But I would go mostly with 20 and 14 for that specific question, because that's closest to when the lie detector results are brought up. So in this next round, we can think about how when students have a wrong answer, we want to first ask them for text evidence. And then we want to maybe ask them to read another paragraph, and then say, do you still think she's excited? Happy, angry, whatever they might be right. And so in this next round, I am excited to see you use the text to scaffold questions to help students revise their thinking, okay. 

Participant  5:21  
Let's see how it goes. 

Coach  5:23  
That five minutes went by super fast. Okay. All right. And you'll just start over again with question one. 

Participant  5:30  
Okay. 

Coach  5:31  
All right. 

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
