Jamie McLemore  0:00  
All right, Teacher, how did you feel about that simulation? 

Teacher  0:04  
All right. 

Jamie McLemore  0:05  
All right. Well, I definitely saw some things that were great. And one thing that I noticed that is both an opportunity where I saw something really good happening, but then I think it's also something we can continue to work on, is how you responded to an incorrect answer. So when Ethan says that he was feeling excited, you asked a lot of questions, and you didn't just ignore the wrong answer. So that is really important, because we want to make sure that we are helping students to understand what the right answer is, but also asking them questions that helps put them in power of their thinking. So that was something you did really well with question number two, but I think it's or excuse me, question number one with Ethan's response. But I also think that it's something that we didn't quite master with question number two. So I kind of want to continue working on that skill to think about the kinds of questions we can ask students to help them revise their thinking. Okay. So if we look at what you did well, on the first one, you asked where in the text, it shows that he was excited, which is important, because we want to make sure we're always asking questions about where and the text and using that text evidence. But then also, you said like, "Okay, well, what about her lie detector results? Did you see anything more?" So that's kind of where you start to pivot his thinking and help him figure out the way. So let's think about how we can do that with the second question, when Ava says that she's the new student intern. You just responded with, "Okay. Thank you, Ava. Anybody else?" How might we have responded to Ava in a way where we can see a little bit more of her own thinking? 

Teacher  1:45  
Somebody asked her where in the text would it say or help her help her say or reflect on like backing up her answer? 

Jamie McLemore  1:55  
That's exactly right. So we always want to ask the students, whether they're right or wrong, where in the text they find that answer or what in the text makes you think that, or what paragraph do you see that in? Okay? So what if Ava were to say, "In line one, it says, 'Hi, I'm the new student intern?'" Where might we want Ava to little look a little bit deeper so that we can help her see she's not the student intern?

Teacher  2:18  
Probably towards like the middle way. 

Jamie McLemore  2:24  
What paragraph do you think? 

Teacher  2:32  
We're talking about number two, right. Question number two. 

Jamie McLemore  2:35  
Yes. So where do we see that Lisa is not actually the student intern?

Teacher  2:41  
Remember, right, it's... I just need to figure out where it is. Four, right? Where it says that. 

Jamie McLemore  2:55  
That's exactly right. So we could ask. So this is one thing that I think that you could improve on is when we see we weren't able to look at paragraph four, right? So we want to make sure that we ask her and we could say like, "Hey, Ava, could you read paragraph four?" And that way, we're not telling her the answer. We're just giving her a place to look for the answer. Do you see the difference there? 

Teacher  3:19  
Yeah, yeah yeah. 

Jamie McLemore  3:19  
So you've asked me, Ava to read paragraph four. And I'm like, if this man was so smart, would he be able to tell who she really was? Oh, okay. So maybe she's not the student intern, because that says it's all a lie. Yeah. Right. And so after, after you help the student to clarify that misunderstanding, we can then kind of come up with this summary statement and say, like, "Okay, so do you still think she's the student intern? Or do you still think Lisa's excited?" But then that way, you're giving me an opportunity to make sure that I've clarified my misunderstanding. 

Teacher  3:57  
Okay, alright. 

Jamie McLemore  3:57  
Okay. So if we look, if we practice with another example, okay, we're gonna go back to question number one. I'm a student in your class. You've asked me the first question. "I think that Lisa is calm." What would you say to me? 

Teacher  4:14  
So, "student name, um, where would, if we go back to the text, can you tell me where exactly you found that? Or where its at?"

Jamie McLemore  4:26  
"In paragraph 22, it says that Lisa smiled and relaxed. So that makes me think that she's calm if she's smiling."

Teacher  4:33  
"Okay. Um, what else? Is that the only section where it talks about how she's feeling?"

Jamie McLemore  4:41  
"Yeah."

Teacher  4:42  
"Okay, so what if we go to paragraph four? Can you read that for me?"

Jamie McLemore  4:49  
Okay, so excellent. So you were able to ask me for my text evidence so that you can understand my own thinking, which is great. And then you pointed me to another paragraph that would help me clarify my misunderstanding. Okay, so when we do this second round in just a couple of seconds, I want you thinking about how you can use the text to ask students their thoughts, whether they're right or wrong, but then also use the text to support them in clarifying any misunderstandings, okay? Alrighty, so I'm gonna turn off my camera and you may begin simulation. 

