Coach  0:00  
How did that feel for you?

Participant  0:02  
I, it was really nerve racking. I wasn't sure what to expect. So it was, it was, it was good though. It was a good experience.

Coach  0:12  
I thought that you were very positive with students and did a really great job of like supporting their answers, especially Savannah when they gave you a really strong observation. 

Participant  0:24  
Thank you 

(talk over each other)

Coach  0:26  
the students.

Participant  0:27  
I'm sorry?

Coach  0:29  
Great job being supportive of students.

Participant  0:31  
Thank you.

Coach  0:33  
Something I want to work on today is I want to work on pushing students to give you textual evidence,

Participant  0:42  
Pushing students to give you Oh, okay, so you know how Savannah mentioned paragraph three. So you want me to ask them like, oh, where, what piece, or like, what paragraph did you find this information? 

Coach  0:54  
Yeah. We want all students to give you answers like Savannah did. 

Participant  0:59  
Yes. Yes. 

Coach  1:00  
So why do you think students seeing a claim like, Lisa is nervous, why is that not enough?

Participant  1:09  
Um, why is? I think it might be because, I mean, she is nervous. And then also, we wanted to, I wanted to ask them, like, why did they think that? And they did respond with the heart rate, and then also that she was like, sweating, and stuff

Coach  1:31  
I'm glad you bring this up because when Jasmine said, Lisa feeling nervous, your responses was why do you think she's feeling nervous? And I thought that was so close. Because sometimes when you ask questions like that, they'll give you textual evidence. But there's some students who won't give textual evidence when we ask questions like that. So we just want to be specific around asking for textual evidence, so that all students know that that's the expectation.

Participant  2:01  
Okay, yes, yes. Makes sense.

Coach  2:11  
I want to model this for you. 

Participant  2:12  
Okay. 

Coach  2:13  
So let's say Jasmine says, oh, Lisa's feeling nervous. My response to Jasmine would be like, Thank you, using text evidence. Tell me how you are. Thank you, but with evidence from the text, tell me how you know this? Thank you, but using evidence from the text, tell me how you know this? So why might this be better?

Participant  2:45  
Why might that be better? 

Coach  2:47  
Yeah 

Participant  2:48  
I think it's because now that way, we can know that the student is paying attention to the text and will know that they are actually understanding from which paragraph it's coming from. And they're following along to the questions and the story as it goes. So I think it's important to know that the student knows where they got that information from, because sometimes it can be even extra information there in that paragraph for them to know as well.

Coach  3:16  
Yes, absolutely. Okay. Let's practice. I'm going to be the student and you're going to be the teacher. Ask me, the first question was Lisa, most likely feeling when Pismo brings up the lie detector results. And I'm going to do this, and you're going to practice asking me for textual evidence.

Participant  3:46  
Okay.

Coach  3:48  
Whenever you're ready, go ahead and ask me the question.

Participant  3:53  
How does Lisa most likely feel when Pismo bring up her lie detector results?

Coach  3:59  
I think Lisa is nervous.

Participant  4:03  
Thank you for that response. Now, may I ask you were in the text show? Where is the textual evidence that you found that Lisa is nervous? In what paragraph?

Coach  4:17  
So it's in paragraph 20. It says her heart was beating so loudly in her chest. So this is what made me that Lisa is nervous.

Participant  4:27  
Awesome, great job. That is a great response. And thank you so much for using textual evidence when responding this question.

Coach  4:35  
Perfect. So I noticed that you were like, struggled a little bit to say textual evidence and I know that that's like new language in a lot of ways to repeat it in your head.

Participant  4:50  
I didn't know how to like word it. 

Coach  4:53  
Yes. 

Participant  4:55  
Can you mention one more time the way that you worded it?

Coach  4:59  
Yes. I said, Great. Now using evidence, using text evidence, tell me how you're using this, okay? Alright, so we're going to practice again. This time when you practice you were practicing simulation.

Participant  5:22  
Okay. So if the same thing again, correct?

Coach  5:27  
Yes, it's the same thing again. You can just jump right in with the first question. You don't have to give them an intro.

Participant  5:34  
I asked you that I was like, I don't think that was supposed to do that

Coach  5:37  
No worries. So good luck.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
