Coach  0:01  
Alright, Teacher. How did you feel about the quality of feedback simulation?

Teacher  0:07  
Good, good.

Coach  0:08  
Good! 

Teacher  0:11  
I felt kinda nervous, but good. 

Coach  0:12  
Definitely- One thing I noticed was that you really engaged with the students, which is important because we want our students to feel valued and like contributing members the discussion, which I definitely saw because you responded to students individually a lot, asking them why they thought something, and then even providing additional comments or questions to them. So, the thing that I want us to work on is, a lot of times you ask these extra questions, but I want to make sure that we can kind of ask these questions in an intentional way that's scaffolded to help ensure students get understanding. Right? So before we really get into how we do that, I want to ask you, do you think that any students had wrong answers in this simulation to either question one or two?

Teacher  1:01  
Um... Yes? I know one of the mentioned that they thought she was a spy.

Coach  1:10  
Okay. So, let's go back and look at this text together, because I think this might help us, too, with our questioning to students. So, we know that Lisa introduces herself as a student intern, right? 

Teacher  1:26  
Mmhm.

Coach  1:26  
Go ahead and read paragraph four for me and tell me if that changes your mind at all about what she might be.

Teacher  1:35  
I read it out loud, or like I read it to myself, or?

Coach  1:37  
Out loud, in your head; Whichever one you want.

Teacher  1:39  
Okay. Oh, okay. I forgot about that paragraph.

Coach  1:59  
Yeah. So that paragraph is kind of important for helping us realize how she's feeling, and also that she's probably not the student intern, right? This kind of leads us to think that when her heart is pounding, it's probably more of a nervous feeling because she has lied, right, rather than excited for the job. So we want to help, like- Just the way I pointed you to a part in the text, when students answer with something that might not be correct, we want to use the text to help both understand why they're thinking what they're thinking, and scaffold them to help them with something new. Okay? So, let's go over our first kind of wrong answer with Ethan. Right? He said that she was feeling excited. So we would first want to ask Ethan why. What in the text makes him think that Lisa is excited? You did a really good job and asking why, but we want to make sure that our why question also includes using text evidence. So, why do you think that using the text? Right? And just adding in that little piece. So then if Ethan were to say, you know, "Well, it talks about, you know, like you said, her heart pounding, or it's a cool company, she should be excited to work there." Where might we cue him to look to recognize that it might not just be an excited heart pounding? Where could we maybe point him to see that she might be nervous?

Teacher  3:38  
I guess in the same paragraph, where it says, "Would he know that her cover as a student intern was all a lie?"

Coach  3:45  
Yeah, you could maybe use that paragraph number four to be like, "If she's lying, do you think she's excited?" Or maybe even like paragraph fourteen, where her hands are clammy with sweat and she told herself to relax. And so what that could look like when we're talking to Ethan is we could, you know, he- A student can first respond. We can ask them, you know, why do you think that using the text? And then if they show us text that's not exactly right, we can say like, "Hey, Ethan. Why don't you go ahead and read paragraph four?" Or, "Why don't you read paragraph fourteen? Do you think that she's still excited?" And just really point the student in the direction of the text to see if they can come to a new conclusion on their own? So, if we practice real quick with me as a student. I am going to be a student, and we'll have to do this quickly because we're running out of time. I say, I think Lisa's calm. What would you say?

Teacher  4:47  
I would say, what makes you think that she's calm? Or, where does it show that she's calm in the text?

Coach  4:53  
Exactly. You ask where in the text, and I say, it's twenty-two. It says that she smiled and relaxed.

Teacher  5:03  
Okay, and then I'd be like, oh, what about in paragraph fourteen?

Coach  5:09  
Excellent! Yep! And you know, with that paragraph fourteen, I might read that and be like, do you still think she's calm? Right? So, we've run out of time, but I hope that kind of looking through the text together, that in round two, you can use the text more specifically to both ask students for text evidence, but then also use the text to help scaffold when they maybe have a misunderstanding that may need to be clarified. Okay? 

Teacher  5:36  
Mmhm!

Coach  5:36  
Alright, thank you very much. And when the students pop back up, you can begin the simulation.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
