Coach  0:03  
All right, Participant, how did you feel about that simulation?

Participant  0:07  
Um, at first, I was kind of nervous, but then I kind of got smooth. But at the end, I was like, Oh, my goodness, I had so many questions to ask and I couldn't come into mind.

Coach  0:16  
Well, I, one thing that I think you did really well was that you were definitely engaged with the students and I could, I could enjoy watching your enthusiasm for interacting with the students. It's important that we have that sort of behavior because it affirms that the students participation is valued, and makes them feel like a valued member of the community. So that was one thing that you did really well with. What sorts of questions did you like think that you might wanted to have asked?

Participant  0:47  
Well, questions that would like, make the students interact more like all of them in general, not just certain students. But I went blank during our moment, I don't know, it's just that oh my goodness

Coach  1:02  
That's okay. So one question that I one thing that we can do to strengthen this, but then it will also be a great question that you could just add to your tool belt for any text based discussion, is we want to make sure that we ask students as a follow up for what their text evidence is. So not just why they're thinking that a few times you did say like, "Oh, so you think Pisms is weird, why is that?" We want to really expand on asking students about their thinking by including by supporting them by asking for text evidence explicitly. So asking students what in the supports their claim or what in the text makes them feel a certain way? Or what in the text makes them think something is correct. But by explicitly asking students for text evidence, we can extend that discussion that we're having, because students will be referring to the text, and they'll be providing evidence for their answers.

Participant  1:57  
Okay, like, for example, one question that I wanted to ask was, does anybody know like, who Pismo was or things like that right? Questions from the story to make me realize did they did they actually understand what they read? Or they just read it because it was part of the activity today? But that wasn't those were the kinds of questions I had in mind. Right. But

Coach  2:21  
Yeah so let's look at let's go back and look at an example. So when Ava says that, that Pismo is the student intern, okay, how could we have followed up asking her about her text evidence? 

Participant  2:33  
Well, um asking her where she found that kind of information or where she, she placed that visionary?

Coach  2:44  
Let's, if I'm a student, and I raise my hand to answer the first question, you can call on me. And I'll say, I think that Lisa was feeling angry when Pismo brought up the lie detector results. What could you say to me?

Participant  3:01  
I could say, okay, student based on what you just told me, right now, can you find me in the story where you found that anger in the story? 

Coach  3:13  
That is wonderful, because you brought back up my claim that it's angry. And then you asked me what evidence in the text I have to support that. So I could be like, well, I don't really know from the text. But I just think that I'd be angry if someone made me take a lie detector test. Right. And we can tell students then that, well, when we read a story, typically our answers need to be rooted in text evidence, right? There needs to be something in the text that makes us find that answer. Right. So what about if? Can we see how asking what in the text, what text evidence we have might lead to more discussion or be a more appropriate response to students then maybe just going on to another student or asking another question?

Participant  4:06  
Okay. On that one, I know-

Coach  4:12  
Oh that was just a question for you not an answer. You see how asking for text evidence and asking follow up questions is a good response? 

Participant  4:24  
Yeah. 

Coach  4:24  
Okay. Next round, I want us to follow up with students by asking them for where in the text they found it or what their text evidence might be. Okay. 

Participant  4:35  
Okay. 

Coach  4:36  
All right. Thank you, participant. And you're just going to do the same thing again, starting from question number one.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
