TeachSIM Staff  0:00  
Alright teacher, how did you think about that first round?

Teacher  0:05  
It says, it's like different when it's like, when the students are not real, kind of awkward in a way?

TeachSIM Staff  0:15  
Well, I think that you had a lot of really strong elements, you really engage with your students. And one thing that I thought was really strong was how you recognize when students didn't have an appropriate answer. And you didn't just like, ignore it, or scoot it under the rug, but you recognize that it was wrong, and you wanted to address it. And so that's really important, because we want to make sure that our students leave the discussion with a correct understanding, right? So I think we can even build on that for the second round. And for your future classrooms, by thinking of how we can scaffold to help students with misunderstandings, because I noticed that you frequently like told the students a lot of information. And so we can think of how we can ask questions so that the students can come to those realizations on their own. So you want to go back and think about what was one of the misunderstandings that you've heard a student's share? 

Teacher  1:18
About? What? Okay, so that, repeat that again, one more time, sorry. 

TeachSIM Staff  1:22
One of the responses that you've, you recognized the student was wrong with or had a misunderstanding?

Teacher  1:30  
I'm just, I know, I think it was, I can't remember if it was a student here, or it was on the survey that I took, that she was happy. I don't remember if it was,

TeachSIM Staff  1:40  
So happy, happy could be one. In this, I'm gonna use, so Ethan said excited for this one. And I'm just gonna go back to this one. So I can talk about what your responses were. So when Ethan said excited, you asked him what makes him say that, which is an appropriate right, follow up question. We could have gone a little bit by just adding in what in the text makes you think that, that way let him make text evidence. Then, um, he responded with like, it's cool, there are elevators with no buttons. And then the next response that you had was, well, when Pismo brings up the lie detector text, why do you think Lisa's hands were sweaty, and so you're bringing to the table some new information for him to consider. So let's just think about how we can ask that question without telling him the hands were sweaty, right? Read that himself, and frame it in a slightly different way. But by saying, you know, okay, but what about when Pismo brings up the lie detector results in paragraph 14? What do you notice is different about the two questions?

Teacher  2:53  
Okay. Yeah, the student is the one getting the information from the text, because I was trying, I'm over here, like trying to scroll through the texts. And I'm like, oh my God, where is it? Like, I know, I read it. I'm over here, trying to find it and stuff.

TeachSIM Staff  3:07  
In the simulation, if you need to take like a five or 10 seconds to scroll and find the paragraph. That's okay. Because that happens in the real classroom, too.

Teacher  3:17  
Okay, because I was over here trying to find it. That's why I mentioned it because I couldn't find it. I know it, they said it.

TeachSIM Staff  3:23  
And so we want him to come to that realization about he, we want him to read and be like, oh, her hands are clammy, I forgot that. 

Teacher  3:31  
Okay, so we could ask, okay, let's go back to paragraph 14. Let's, let's read it together. 

TeachSIM Staff  3:37
Yeah. And you can say like, 

Teacher  3:39
Oh, sorry, I wasn't sure if they were gonna read it or, okay. 

TeachSIM Staff  3:43  
Yes, they can go back and read it. And he can read the new information himself. And then we can ask him to follow up like, do you still think she's excited? Or else, or do you, you know, what do you think now? But that way, we kind of asked these scaffolded questions by first asking for text evidence, then asking them to maybe consider new text evidence or a different paragraph and then asking them if they've revised their, their answer. Well, how could we do that with, if I were to say, I think that we can go happy or I can say, I think that she's calm here. I think that Lisa is calm. What would you say to me?

Teacher  4:27  
Okay. I would say, well, let's go back to paragraph 14. let's reread it as a, as a group. Maybe I'll turn on someone or whoever was set that answer. So they would reread it and then they would say like, oh, her heart rate was speeding. And I would say well, since her heart rate was speeding, do you think that she was feeling calm? When your heart races do you feel calm? How are you feeling when your heart races?

TeachSIM Staff  4:57  
That is awesome because you're not only connected to the test, but then you also prove it a little bit further by asking me like, what do I know about when my heart races so that's awesome. The one thing that we would want to make sure we do add in there is also asking the students where they found their answer the first time. So make sure they look for text evidence, and then point them to a new paragraph. So in this next round, we just want to make sure we use the texting, gives students a little opportunity to dive into it themselves, to help clarify any of those misunderstandings. Okay?

Teacher  5:31  
Okay, yes, hold on. Just give me one more minute. I just want to see where he brings up a paragraph. He brings up the lie detector test.

TeachSIM Staff  5:39  
It's 22 or 20, and 14.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
