Teacher  0:03  
You're very funny.

Coach  0:05  
Yeah. How was that?

Teacher  0:08  
It was, it was a good exchange. It's like, ah, like they don't let me talk. Sometimes you just have to like, redirect a lot of times.

Coach  0:17  
Redirect...

Teacher  0:18  
It happens a lot, even when I'm in, in the ,like at my job.

Coach  0:25  
Absolutely. Something that you did really well was you stayed actually pretty calm. Like, that felt pretty normal. Like, I felt that you just came from school probably doing something very similar.

Teacher  0:39  
I actually, I actually work with also with the behavior, behavior unit students. Mm hmm. So those are very, like they have...they're bad.

Coach  0:52  
Yes. So one thing that I want to work on today, though, is I want to work on being timely and specific when it comes to our redirections. So how can we do them, do them fast, and make them very clear? Something that you said, like you were getting really close to getting really, like, succinctly with them, like your statements were being shorter. But something that you said that I wanted to point out to you. And it was the last one, Ethan was making an impersonation and we said, Ethan I asked someone a question. Can you please be quiet? So it's like, can you please be quiet? What's, what's the, what's the problem with saying, can you please do quiet? What do you actually want him to do?

Teacher  1:45  
Like what do you mean? Like?

Coach  1:47  
So? Do you want Ethan to be quiet? Or do you want him to stop talking?

Teacher  1:54  
Okay, there's a big difference?

Coach  1:56  
There's a big difference, because you can talk quietly and still do the behavior. Right?

Teacher  2:03  
So, so then I want him to stop talking.

Coach  2:05  
Yes. So we're working on being specific about the behavior of that person. Right? So I'm gonna model for you what I would do when a student is given a bad behavior. So say Ethan is...Say Ethan is doing one of his behaviors. Drumming, you told Ethan and I'm talking, you're being really disruptive right now. I need you to calm down. Right? Instead of telling Ethan, he's being disrupted, I need you to calm down. I would say Ethan, in a very calm voice and very calm, like mellow, but direct voice, Ethan please stop drumming. I want to make sure that I do not say things like Ethan can you please stop drumming? Because I don't want to make it a sentence. I want to make it a question. I want to make you as short as possible. When as clear as possible. Ethan please stop drumming. For another example, Ethan was making Darth Vader voices. Ethan, please stop making Darth Vader voices.

Teacher  3:27  
Okay,

Coach  3:27  
We're trying...

Teacher  3:28  
You want me to be more specific on what he's doing?

Coach  3:31  
Yes. Yes. So let's practice that. I'm going to be a student and I am going to be showing behaviors. I'm going to be Ethan and I'm going to showing behaviors. And you're going to practice, in a very calm, loving voice. Ethan please stop whatever it is that you're doing. Like, fill in the blanks. Okay.

Teacher  4:00  
So do I say Ethan or do I say Coach?

Coach  4:08  
I've been Ethan, I'm going to do Ethan.

Teacher  4:11  
Okay.

Coach  4:17  
Ma'am, look at my paper airplane.

Teacher  4:21  
Ethan, please stop playing.

Coach  4:30  
Ma'am, I just wanted to talk to you about my paper airplane.

Teacher  4:36  
And I understand but... I don't know what would I say?

Coach  4:42  
Can you please stop talking about your paper airplane right now?

Teacher  4:48  
Okay, Ethan I understand that but can you please stop talking about your paper plane right now.

Coach  4:55  
There you go, very specific. He's talking about his paper plane That's what I want him to stop doing. He's playing, playing with a paper plane. That's what I want him to stop doing. Okay, so just think about what are they doing. Ethan can you please stop playing with your paper plane? Ethan can you please stop drumming on your desk? So we're going to try that again. But this time we're going to try it in the simulation. Before we jump to the...

Teacher  5:30  
I start again, like the way I started?

Coach  5:33  
Exactly. You'll be starting as the way you started. This time it won't be as much as it's the practice. Alright, so now we're going to start that simulation again from the beginning.

