Coach  0:00  
Alright, Teacher, what did you think about that simulation?

Teacher  0:04  
 It's hard.

Coach  0:06  
 It was hard? 

Teacher  0:07  
Yeah. 

Coach  0:08  
Um, so we hope that the simulations are able to give you just kind of an idea of sometimes when we have off tasks students, especially in elementary school, and how we can work on redirecting them. So I definitely noticed that you recognize the off task behavior. And I could see it change in your face. And you were... I could see you trying to think of what we were going to say to them. But we really want to make sure that we're able to address off task behavior as quickly as possible. Why do you think it's important that we address it right, as it starts to happen? 

To avoid any interruptions during the lesson plan and instruction?

Teacher  0:53  
Right. And so the purpose of this simulation was to establish classroom norms with your students and to get ideas from the students about some ideas. And it was almost three minutes before we were able to share the first norm. So we want to make sure that we are able to stop students quickly so that they don't take any time away from our classroom instruction and what our intent is. Okay. So I noticed that your face kind of changed. And I saw that you were trying to redirect students, but usually, that wasn't until about 30 seconds into their misbehavior. So we want to try to stop them as soon as it happens, okay.

Coach  1:32  
So we can stop that by just simply saying, you know, Ethan, Stop whistling. Instead, you have a classroom norm you want to share, but that way we tell Ethan, we call him by name. And we act and we asked him to, or we tell him to stop what he's doing. Okay. Um, I noticed you often talked about being respectful, but the student might not recognize that what they're doing isn't respectful. So we just want to tell them to stop whistling or stop talking about Darth Vader or superheroes, okay.

So I want you to try to go over a norm and I want you... I'm going to be an off task student. And I want you to quickly stop me. And tell me to stop the action. Okay.

So we're gonna pretend so you can go ahead and start being a teacher, and I'll be a student.

Teacher  2:22  
Okay, hello, everyone. We're going to talk about the classroom rules. And...

Hey, Dev, my birthday is tomorrow. And I'm kind of wondering...

 Jamie, I know you're talking about your birthday. But do you want to talk about the classroom rules instead?

Coach  2:38  
yes, so I want to applaud you, because you quickly stopped me, I wasn't able to keep going on and on and on. Sometimes we feel that awkward interrupting students. But sometimes they'll go on and on and on and on, and never do good breath. So you stop very quickly, which is great. And you address me by name, which is another important point. But remember, we want to steer clear of asking a question and just say, you know, you can talk about your birthday at recess. Now, do you have a norm you want to share? And that way, you know, we don't say you don't ask me because then I'd be like, no, no, I really want to know now what kind of cupcakes my mom should make.

Okay, so let's try again.

Can we'll... switch gears and practice again. 

Teacher  3:25  
Hello, we're going to talk about the classroom rules. And...

Jamie can just stop reading the book.

Coach  3:34  
Well, I really like reading and I only have like a couple chapters left at this book. 

Teacher  3:38  
I know you like the reading, but they want to talk about the classroom norms, instead, and then later, you can read the book. 

Coach  3:46  
No, I think I'm gonna keep reading. Since you asked me if I wanted to, I want to keep reading instead.

So instead of asking me, what should you what could you say?

Teacher  3:57  
Can you please stop reading the book? And tell me a classroom rule instead? 

Coach  4:03  
So you still ask, can we just want to say stop reading the book or put the book away? We don't want to make it a question. But you still addressed me quickly. And you said Jamie, you know, stop reading the book. What's a classroom norm instead? Or, you know, you can even just get right back to the... you can just get right back as you were talking with another student. Um, so let's try another one. All right.

Okay, go ahead and start with your classroom norms.

Teacher  4:32  
Hello everyone, we're going to talk about the classroom rules. *Coach begin making mouth noises*

Coach  4:38  
Jamie can you stop doing that, please.

 Okay, so you address me very quickly, again, and by name, but you still asked a question. So it's a little bit hard to remember. But we want to try to not ask a question and just say, Jamie, stop making those faces. And then you know, Dev, you are in the middle of sharing and more. You know, just get right back to your conversation with whatever you were doing okay. 

Teacher  5:01  
Okay.

Coach  5:02  
 All right. So it is now time for us to get back. So in round to think about how to stop them quickly and try really hard not to ask the question.

Teacher  5:14  
Okay.

Coach  5:16  
Alrighty.

Begin simulation

