Sim Staff  0:03  
All right, how did you feel about that?

I feel like I didn't do so good. 

Well, Ithink that you might-- did some things right that I want to definitely applaud you on. One you had a really great, like tone and demeanor throughout. When you're redirecting students, it was never in a harsh tone. So that was one positive. And then also you recognized they're off task behaviors really quickly. And you did attempt to redirect them pretty quickly into the off task behavior. But they, they as students continued to go on. And I think that might just be because of the clarity of your redirection. So in this next round, we just want to have a really specific and succinct and short redirection to students. And that way, there's no confusion over what they should be doing or what they shouldn't be doing. Um, and I think that will set us up for more success in the second round.

Okay, I feel like with Ethan, I was having a difficult time--- that where I did with Dev, but I feel like with Dev, I was more straightforward. Like, how about you write it down and not do it in class?

Yes. So the more straightforward it is, the more likely the student is to understand the redirection. And so we do want that really straightforward redirection, just like you noted. So I'm, like one of the times you went on, you were-- and even you were talking about Dev, you were like, you can talk to Ava at lunch about it, you can write it down, and then at lunch, you can remember to go back and ask her. And so that still became kind of a long redirection, because, and you took away time where you could have been talking about classroom norms. So instead, you could have just made it more succinct and specific by saying, Dev, um, stop talking about superheroes now. You can talk about that at lunch with Ava. Just make it that short. And then that way, the student understands that what they're doing right now is not appropriate. But there might be another time for it later. So, for example, how could you have responded when Ethan started whistling? And he was like, Ma'am, can you hear me whistle? What could you have said that would have been more specific and more succinct.

Teacher  2:19  
Now that I'm reflecting, I feel like it would have been like, now it's not the time to whistle. Now it's time to pay attention, and continue with the norms of the classroom. 

Speaker 1  2:29  
And so-- we--- and now, you know, now is not the time to whistle. Now is the time to pay attention to norm setting. Because we want to make sure we name that behavior that they're not doing and not just say, like, make sure you're focused or make sure you pay attention, because as Ethan pointed out, he might be able to whistle and focus at the same time. So we can really just make it specific, specific and succinct. What if I'm a student who starts reading during class, I pull out my book.

Teacher  2:56  
Okay, so I would be like, Excuse me, now, it's not the time to read because we have to focus on the norms that we're talking about.

Speaker 1  3:03  
If you could even be even more specific, you can just say, you know, now is not the time to read, put your book away. And then immediately get back to your discussion of norms. And you can even pull that student in by saying, you know, we want to make sure we address students by name. So you can say, you know, Jamie, put your book away, it's not the time for reading, do you have a norm to share instead? And then that way, you're still pulling that student back in? And immediately going back to the conversation? Okay. What about, um, I'm a student, and I'm going to start talking. So how could you redirect me? "So tomorrow is my birthday, and I can eat..."

Teacher  3:41  
Jamie, so how about you share a norm with us about something that you want to share?

Sim Staff  3:48  
Okay, so I like how you use my name there. And you also brought me into the conversation, but we also need to name what you want me to stop doing. 

Speaker 1  3:56  
Okay. 

Sim Staff  3:56  
Ok so like, Jamie, um, you know, we're not talking about your birthday. Instead, is there a norm that you'd like to share? You know, and that way, you've said my name, you've said, what you want me to stop doing. And you've pulled me back into the conversation. Okay. Do you have any other questions?

Um, no.

So let's try one more. What if I start making faces in class? And I'm just like, Huh.

Teacher  4:29  
Okay, Jamie. So how about we stop making faces and you interact back with us about a norm in the classroom? How can you do? 

Sim Staff  4:36  
Yeah, so then I was like, Oh, well, I think we should always make sure we keep our hands to ourselves. And then continue on so yep. So we just want to make sure that we, we want to keep things succinct. And then that way we spend more time talking about the norms, unless I'm talking about behaviors that students may or may not be showing. 

Teacher  4:57  
Oh, yeah, I feel like that's what I missed out. I didn't really talk about them. I focused more on trying to get them back on the on track.

Sim Staff  5:05  
Yes. So in this round, let's just focus on being really like straight to the point, like you said, and that should help us make us work so more of our discussion is on those boards. 

Teacher  5:15  
Okay.

Sim Staff  5:16  
All right. You ready? 

Teacher  5:18  
Yes. 

Sim Staff  5:19  
Oh, begin  simulation.

