Teacher  0:02  
Alright, Teacher, how did you feel about that classroom norms setting?

Teacher  0:08  
Awkward, like, I didn't know what to say you get me? Or like what to do when they're like, like talking amongst each other and Ethan in the corner, they're just humming and stuff. Like, how do you say, like I didn't know how to say it, to me like, it's fine, because I'm not teaching right now, you get me. But now if it's a distraction in class, for sure tell Ethan like to cut it out.

Coach  0:33  
So we are still, we're not necessarily teaching like academic content. This, the purpose of this simulation was to establish those classroom norms, which are the foundation for the rest of our learning. And I noticed that you asked your students a lot about like how they're doing and, you know, if they watched the game, because there was a big baseball game last night, you did lots to get to know them and that's an important part of teaching. But this classroom norm setting wasn't necessarily the time for that. Hopefully, you would have already had like a morning meeting or some other get to know you activities on the first day. But the like teaching for this classroom norms was to ask students what norms or rules they would like to contribute to setting up our classroom. So in the next round, we want to make sure we definitely try to establish those two to three classroom norms with our students. And I recognize where you're saying that you kind of weren't really sure what to say to students when they needed some redirection and so I can help you with that by giving us some very specific redirections. So that way, when, like, you kind of said, you know, the students, you know, weren't taking away from learning, but whether it's norms, or even if it is that get to know you time or a math lesson, we want to make sure that we redirect students very quickly, so that they don't take away the time from learning opportunities, like you said, 

Teacher  1:56  
Okay. 

Coach  1:57  
When a student starts to misbehave, like Ethan, in the very beginning, when he starts saying like, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo doo doo, he kind of went on and on and on a little bit before, I know you recognized it, because I saw your face, kind of shift and change a bit, but we need to make sure that the moment we recognize it, we specifically redirect Ethan by just saying, "Ethan, stop singing, we're going to discuss classroom norms. So Ethan stop the action that you're doing, what's the classroom norm you want to contribute." But we just need to make sure that they specifically name the student, as well as the direction we want them to stop doing. So you got into a little bit of this when you, when Ethan was whistling, and you were like, save the whistling clean for later. And you can kind of still incorporate that feedback by just saying, "Ethan, stop whistling, you can do that at recess." So you can do that, like that can be done at recess, so we need to make sure we tell him to just stop the whistling now, and they both, the behavior that he's doing as well as to stop doing. 

Teacher  3:07  
Okay. 

Coach  3:09  
Um, so let's think if I am a student, and I pull out, you're asking people for classroom norms. So let's think you could be like, does anybody, why don't you ask the students, if there are any norms that they want to contribute to the lesson? 

Teacher  3:24  
Okay.

Coach  3:27  
Okay, I want you ask that and try it.

Teacher  3:29  
Um, how do you say, "does anybody have any norms that would like to add here in our classroom?"

Teacher  3:37  
No, nope, I'm reading.

Teacher  3:39  
"Well, can you see that reading for later when we have reading time, you could definitely continue, save your page, continue reading that when we are on our reading center. Thank you so much."

Coach  3:50  
Okay, so, um, that was better, because you specifically named the direction that we want, but we don't want to ask it as a question. Because sometimes not in a defiant or sarcastic way. But if you ask, you know, "can you save that for later?" I could respond with like, "no, I really like this book. I'm almost at the end of the chapter." Saying, you know, Ethan, put your book away. We're not reading right now." And that way, we just say very specifically, and very simply, and that way, hopefully the student can put it away.

Teacher  4:27  
Definitley

Coach  4:28  
And so what if I start, I'm another student who now I'm going to turn and talk to my neighbors. "What kind of cupcakes for my mom for my birthday tomorrow, some chocolate or vanilla? Or maybe strawberry? What do you think I should do?" So before I even get all into that, like right when I start talking, you can just stop and say, "Ethan, stop talking about your birthday. Do you have a classroom norm to contribute?" You know, and just or if another student was talking and you want to call on another student, you can just say, "Ethan, stop talking about your birthday. We're not doing that right now. "Okay, so that will quickly tell the student to stop.

Teacher  5:14  
So definitely when I see like a student writes, Ethan started making the noise directly stop the, like, the discussion because we're in the beginning we were discussing, but make sure Ethan stops that so he knows like not to be doing that right now and then with Dev and Savannah, they were talking about Marvel and DC.

Coach  5:36  
Yes tell them to stop you. So in the next round, I want you to focus on quickly stopping behaviors so that we can spend more time talking about classroom norms and developing those in class. All right, and when you're ready, we'll start round two.

