Speaker 1  0:02  
Alright, Cynthia, how did you think that went?

Teacher  0:06  
Okay.

Speaker 1  0:09  
Um, some people have said it's different than what they expected.

Um, so what are some things that you think you did? Well?

Teacher  0:15  
I think like, I made my, like the norms clear. And I tried to enforce them when, like the students were interrupting. And I also asked them, like, if they wanted to add anything else to the classroom list, because I think it's important to get like their feedback as well. I could have worked on trying to bring back their attention to what was being discussed. 

Speaker 1  0:42  
Yes, I would agree, I think that your your work towards establishing the norms was appropriate, and you kept on trying to bring the students back, but we're going to work on how we can bring those attentions that bring the students attention back with really, like specific and timely redirections for those students, okay, because these students in this simulation are off task. And they're not doing it in a malicious way. But like Ethan and Dev have a little bit of extra energy and padding, and we need to try to make sure we bring that back in a way that's very specific for them so they can understand the the direct action that they're doing, that we don't want them to do, and then the action that we want them to do instead. Okay. Okay. So, the first way we can do that is just by when the student starts being off task or having this not desirable behavior, we can just make sure that we immediately try to redirect them, I noticed this is something that you improved on towards the end of the simulation, you are addressing students more quickly than in the beginning, which is good, because we want to make sure that we don't waste students time in the classroom by, you know, having someone drumming or talking about superheroes or Darth Vader, we want to make sure that we have as much time spent on the classroom norms as possible. So the way we can ensure that the students stop is by making sure that we are we can try to ensure the students stop is by making sure we give them a really specific redirection. Okay, so, um, when Ethan, for example, was whistling,

you said, okay, but we need to pay attention and respect what the teacher is saying and what our classmates are saying. And Ethan's like, Okay, thanks, I'm listening. And so in his brain, his whistling is not different than not paying attention. He, he's saying that he can do both. So a better more specific redirection would just be to say, Ethan, Stop whistling. Um, and just be as simple as that. Ethan's stop whistling.

You know, and then just continue on with your classroom norms. And that way you've named him so that he knows you're talking to him. But you've also told him what behavior to stop doing. Okay. And when we say pay attention to him, he was already paying attention. So we want to name the behavior that we want him to stop, not just name an alternative behavior, we want to say like Ethan, Stop whistling, and so we can continue our discussion.

So what about when Ethan begins drumming?

What could you say to Ethan when he's making the drum noises on the table? 

I could say, Ethan, can we stop the drumming and reach and pay attention to what is being discussed? As a as a class? Yeah.

That's more specific. But we want to avoid asking them questions about like, can you stop and be like, Oh, I could, but I like drumming. So we just want to say like, you know, Ethan, stop drumming and put your hands in your lap, or something like that. Because when we ask them questions, um, they might, you know, give us answer we don't want to hear.

So, um, what can we do with Dev when he starts talking to the student next to him about superheroes? When he turns to the girl like, Oh, Ava, have you seen the new Avengers Trailer? Whatever movie he's talking about? 

Teacher  4:20  
Yeah. Okay, Dev, we need to stop talking about...I don't want to say irrelevant stuff.

Speaker 1  4:30  
So yeah, we can say, you know, Dev def stop talking about superheroes our conversations focused on classroom norms. Okay. So you know, that way you can tell him to stop what we're talking about. But if we just say stop talking, we want to make sure that, you know, he knows that we're, we're having a discussion, but it's only classroom norms, not superheroes. Okay. So in this next round of the simulation, I just want you to focus on being really quick to respond to those misbehaviors but then also, specifically calling students by their name and then just redirecting them by saying to, you know, stop whatever action they're doing. Okay. Do you have any questions for me before we get started?

Teacher  5:14  
Oh, no, I think I got it with the directions you gave me.

Speaker 1  5:19  
 Okay, awesome. Well, I'm going to stop my video and we can

