Coach  0:00  
Alright, lady, how did you think about that?

Teacher  0:02  
I was not expecting that. I was not expecting all the all the desruption at all.

Coach  0:08  
Yes, it's definitely different than what you might have expected coming into it. But it's also sometimes very realistic.

Teacher  0:15  
Mhm.

Coach  0:15  
Students might not necessarily have like malicious intentions with their behavior, but they are just distracted or have a lot going on, or, and so we are going to work on how to give them like quick, behavioral redirections so that you can continue on with classroom norms.

Teacher  0:35  
Okay.

Coach  0:36  
I did think one thing you did really well with was addressing students by name. And the first one you weren't really sure who was who was making the noises. But then once you did find out who was making the noises, you did, make sure that you said their name and address them, which is important. And that's part of one of the things that we want to make sure we keep doing is when we see a student who's not following the directions or not following the norms, we want to make sure we address them by name, so that there's no confusion over who like everyone in the class might be or, you know, everyone, let's make sure we're paying attention or everyone, let's make sure that we're quiet that way when I hear, Jamie be quiet, I know like, I'm the one that the teachers hearing, and I need to be quiet. Um, so we are going to work on making sure that we give this specific direction to them, but oopsie I forgot to set my timer. Um, but also making sure that we do it in a really timely manner. So that way, the distraction isn't taking away too much class time. So when we notice Ethan starting impersonations, or I think Dev pretending to be Darth Vader, or whistling or humming or singing, we want to make sure that we stop that behavior pretty quickly, because it might just keep going and going. Because Ethan might think he listens better when he hmm hmm hmm but it's too distracting to the other people around. So we want to make sure that we like address it as soon as we start to hear the misbehavior happening.

Teacher  2:07  
Okay.

Coach  2:08  
Does that makes sense?

Teacher  2:09  
Yeah.

Coach  2:10  
We don't want to talk over it, because then we're kind of like excusing it. So the moment I hear, It's time to say Jamie, stop jumping on the table. And I can just give that very quick. It's quick, because it's right after the behavior started to occur. But then it's also very direct. So I use my name. And I said exactly what I should not be doing. Like, Janie, stop drumming. We're discussing classroom norms as a class, just something very specific, very brief. Does that make sense to you?

Teacher  2:42  
Yes.

Coach  2:43  
So, I want to review my notes real quick, um, when part of this specific piece is that we also want to make sure that we're naming what the student should stop doing. Um, because sometimes, teachers, and we might want to like, we might think that we want to be vague. So we're not calling the student out. But we really want to make sure that we're using the student's name and really saying the behavior that we don't want to see as well as what we do want to see. So when one of the students was whistling, I think earlier, you said like, everyone makes sure we're paying attention. And the thing is, Ethan, might think that when he's whistling, he might still be paying attention. So when he hears everyone pay attention, stop whistling doesn't necessarily resonate with that student all the time. Because they might think like, I can drum and pay attention at the same time. Unfortunately, that drumming is distracting to the peers in the class, and they can't hear. So we might instead of saying like, everyone makes sure you're paying attention, we can say like, Ethan put your hands in your lap, stop drumming. Or, you know, like, give you know what, what his hands should be doing. Not just what his hands should not be doing. Does that makes sense?

Teacher  4:00  
Mhm.

Coach  4:00  
So next time, um, in the next simulation, if Dev starts talking about his Darth Vader voice, and Luke, I am your father and I'm gonna be Darth Vader for Halloween, blah, blah, blah. What could you say to Dev? Or me? to immediately get us back on track with classroom norms?

Teacher  4:22  
Dev. Now's not the time to be talking about Halloween. We can save that for after class right now, we need to be quiet and talk about the classroom rules.

Coach  4:31  
Yeah, so exactly. We said we use Dev by his name. We said today is not our day to talk about Darth Vader and Halloween, we're talking about the classroom rules. So that way, we can just quickly redirect him while also not taking too much time away from the classroom discussion of norms.

Teacher  4:49  
Okay.

Coach  4:50  
Um, let's see. This coaching round goes by so fast, but I want to make sure I'm not missing anything. Um, so we can do one more. What about when it's a kids, if someone's like phone was going off, or their phone was ringing, what could we say? You can say it's Jamie, my phone rings and I start looking at my phone. What could you say?

Teacher  5:15  
Jamie, we shouldn't be having our phones out in the classroom while we're discussing. Can you please put your phone away and you can use it after school?

Coach  5:25  
And so we don't really want to say, Can you please? Cause that could be like, Oh, no, it's really important. I got my mom on the phone. You've go to be like Jamie, put your phone away. We shouldn't have it out during class, kind of like how you started with.

Teacher  5:36  
Okay

Coach  5:37  
Just remove any questions or vagueness and just say the name and what you need to be doing. 

Teacher  5:44  
Mhm.

Coach  5:44  
And then you'll see that that like, your tone was great. So the students won't feel like oh, no, I just got in a bunch of trouble. You're just like giving them a quick redirection to put them back on track.

Teacher  5:53  
Okay.

Coach  5:54  
So in this round, we're just going to work on getting to the behavior really quickly, and then making sure we give that specific feedback to them about what we don't want to see.

Teacher  6:05  
Okay. 

Coach  6:06  
All right. Are you good?

