Coach  0:00  
Yeah, so what did you think of that?

Teacher  0:03  
Well, I'm sure there's students out there like that, because I've been in school as a child and there was.

Coach  0:08  
Yes there are absolutely students like that. And so I noticed that you recognize a lot of these behaviors pretty quickly as like, in the beginning, when Ethan was making the noises, you were looking around to figure out who it was. And you seemed interested in your students, and you wanted to talk to them and learn about the things that are interesting to them. And, in, there's always a time for that. And that sets up what good relationships with teachers and students are. But we want to make sure that there is a time for that in the classroom, being like a morning meeting, maybe you have lunch with your students, something at recess. But during our class time, we want to make sure that we respond to off task behaviors in a really timely way. So that we can spend the bulk of our time doing whatever the instructional activity is, or creating classroom norms in this situation, okay? So, when we do the second round of the simulation, I want you to think about how you can redirect students in a really timely way, so that we're not taking any time away from classroom norms to discuss superheroes or video games, or Darth Vader or anything like that. Okay? 

Teacher  1:18  
Okay.

Coach  1:19  
So one of the ways you could do that is, um, if we think about, um, for example, Ethan starts talking about how we played this really fun video game last night. And then you took that as an opportunity to ask other students what they were doing. And so ideally, that would happen, maybe at another time, like during the morning share, or something like that. So we could respond to Ethan with saying, you know, rather than like being like, what game is it, like asking him all these questions to get to know him better. Hopefully, we could do that at another time of the day. But we could just say, like, Ethan, we're not talking about video games, right now, only classroom norms. And that way, we like quickly direct Ethan that video games are not going to be part of our discussion. Um, and then, for example, with like, whistling, we, when Ethan was whistling, you were like, how about we don't whistle? Or can you wait? You know, all these things. And so when we ask students questions, trying to redirect them, sometimes they don't take that as like, the hint to stop doing whatever they're doing. So we just want to like, say it in a quick, specific command. That's just saying, you know, Ethan, Stop whistling, you can show me at recess. But that way you kind of show that you're, you're interested in what he has to show you. But that way, we're still telling him it's not the appropriate time for it. 

Teacher  2:40  
Okay.

Coach  2:41  
So how could we have responded to Ethan who did his Darth Vader impersonation when he was like, Luke, I am your father. What could you quickly say to him then? 

Teacher  2:53  
We're not talking about movies right now. We'll talk about it later during share time. 

Coach  2:58  
Yeah, just quickly, you know, that's not what we're talking about right now. We're not talking about our Darth Vader. We're not talking about movies. 

Teacher  3:04  
I felt like he wasn't going to listen regardless.

Coach  3:07  
What?

Teacher  3:08  
I said, I just felt like he wasn't going to listen regardless. So I was like...

Coach  3:12  
The more specific redirections we give, though, the more we can at least be certain that they understand what we want them to do. And so if we give them a specific redirection, then it at least eliminates any vagueness. Um, in the beginning, like, when we were asking questions to other students, and, you know, we said to him, like, how about you can whistle when I talk this way, like, you're kind of negotiating with him. And so we just want to be able to give a really specific redirection of what our expectation is for all the students, and then, you know, they might not always listen, that happens, but at least if we can give a specific redirection, there's no vagueness over what they may or may not understand what they're gonna be able to do. 

Teacher  3:52  
Okay.

Coach  3:53  
So if I was a student, and I pulled out a book and started reading, during this discussion, what could you say to me? 

Teacher  4:00  
We're not doing reading time right now. We're going over some classroom norms. Go ahead and put your books up, and we'll have reading time later. 

Coach  4:07  
Yep. So you just gave me a very...like, you quickly addressed it. And then you were also able to tell me exactly what to do, like, put your book away. You can read later and so there's no confusion for me with what I'm supposed to do. And I, I might, you will have students who can argue back and might not listen, but you're super specific. So that doesn't give me a lot of wiggle room with how I can interpret your response. 

Teacher  4:29  
Okay.

Coach  4:30  
All right. So if you are ready, do you have any other questions? 

Teacher  4:35  
No.

