Coach  0:00  
How did you feel about that simulation?

Teacher  0:04  
That was totally... I mean, I didn't expect that. 

Coach  0:09  
You didn't expect that? 

Teacher  0:10  
But I guess you can--yeah, I mean, you could expect that, but I just didn't think it was gonna be so obvious.

Coach  0:22  
So it's definitely, it can be a very challenging simulation, I want to applaud you, you did a really good job giving the voice to the students to try to come up with the classroom norms. But we were a little, um, stopped by the behaviors in the classroom. So this time around, I want us to, I want you to focus on making sure that you redirect students in a very timely way. So that the moment the redirect the off task behavior begins, we are able to stop it immediately by redirecting students. And that's important because we want to make sure that we have as much time devoted to establishing classroom norms, or whatever the instructional activity may be, rather than allowing student misbehaviors to take the majority of class time away.

Teacher  1:16  
Okay. Well, I mean, I tried to redirect him, but it's just... he--then he started talking to, uh, I forgot... 

Coach  1:29  
The other students? So let's let's look back on some of the things that you said. So with his first misbehavior, when he was doo, doo, doo, doo doo, and he was just making noise. You, I think you recognized that he was off task. And I think that you attempted to redirect him by asking him to give some classroom norms. But we need to make sure that we explicitly name the behavior that we want him to stop doing. Because to a student, he might be thinking, like, oh, I can listen and pay attention at the same time as being off task. So if even is like starts, doo, doo, doo, doo doo doo, like the moment we hear him start singing, we just say, "Ethan, stop singing. What is the classroom normally would like to share with the class?" Because that way, we clearly and explicitly state what we want him to stop doing before he's engaged in that behavior for too long.

Teacher  2:23  
Okay, so I have to say stop.

Coach  2:27  
Yes, we have to just be super explicit and specific with what we want them to stop doing. Because we just, it needs to be as clear as possible, and we need to stop them before the behavior takes over too much of the learning time, so that we can then create two to three norms during round two. 

Teacher  2:47  
Okay.

Coach  2:48  
Okay. So let's think about when he starts doing his impression to Jasmine and he starts talking to Jasmine, what could we say to Ethan this time? When he starts going like *does impression* and doing that impersonation?

Teacher  3:08  
Well, I'm gonna have to tell him to stop.

Coach  3:12  
What are we gonna ask him to stop doing?

Teacher  3:17  
Well, I would think the noises or talking, stop talking.

Coach  3:22  
Yeah. So we can say, "Ethan, stop making those noises and talking to your peers." And then you can say like--you, rather than redirect Ethan, in that situation you had said, "Jasmine, how about we talk about a classroom norm?" So you tried to like pull Jasmine in rather than stop Ethan. But instead, we just need to be like, "Ethan, stop making those noises and talking. Jasmine? Do you have a classroom norm you'd like to share." *phone rings, inaudible* ... some practice with students immediately and are able to focus the direction back towards classroom norms?

Teacher  3:56  
Okay, okay, now I get it because I, because sometimes they tell you not to... how can I say like, there's a distraction, not to pay attention to the distraction, you need to like slowly redirect it without getting his attention, so, because that's what he wants, he wants your attention. So that's why I was trying to do it, like kind of that way. But now that you're saying, like, you need to directly be--stop Ethan, make noises stop talking well--

Coach  4:32  
And so I think it like depends. It depends on like, once you know the student once, you might know more about their behaviors, but this is just the first day of school. And so we're just having to like explicitly address and say stop. So say I'm a student and I pull out a book to read. I pull out my book and right when I open it, what should you tell me?

Teacher  4:51  
Can you stop reading your book and put it away, please?

Yep. So we just want to say stop reading your book and put it away and make sure to direct this by name, okay? So we're just looking for timely specific redirection to the student before they're off-task behavior continues. Okay?

Okay, I understand now.

Coach  5:12  
Awesome! All right, ready--

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
