Coach  0:00  
How was that? Oh, you just muted yourself.

Teacher  0:03  
Oh, sorry. I tried so hard not to laugh.

Coach  0:06  
Yes, well, you did a good job at trying not to laugh, because you kept that in. And that's definitely important because sometimes we want to laugh at students, and we can't do that. So good job of controlling that emotion. How did you think that went?

Teacher  0:21  
Um, I'm sure it could have gone a little bit better.

Coach  0:26  
Yes, so it's definitely something that you probably were not expecting in this scenario. And it's something that definitely happens, especially in our elementary classrooms, especially in our elementary classrooms below third and fourth grade. And so today, we're just going to be able to kind of think about some giving some timely and specific redirections to students so that they-their behavior stops, because in this simulation, these students aren't doing this maliciously, they're not doing this to be defiant, or anything like that, they just have some extra energy that they want to get out by talking.

Teacher  1:04  
Yeah.

Coach  1:06  
And so I do, I do want to applaud you for keeping your cool and staying serious and not laughing or anything like that, because sometimes that is definitely a challenge.

Teacher  1:15  
Thank you.

Coach  1:15  
Um, one thing that I the kind of like two parts of feedback for this scenario, the first part is just to make sure that we respond in a pretty timely manner. Some, those students are like, drumming and sometimes you talked over the students, and then sometimes you just waited to allow the student to stop in this situation. And in many situations in the real world, the student might not pick up on that cue to stop while we're waiting. And we also don't want to talk over them, because it's kind of like letting them saying that it's okay for them to continue, because you're also going to continue, and instead, we need to, like, quickly respond to them right when the behavior starts with just like a specific redirection. Does that make sense?

Teacher  2:03  
Yeah, I think that's, I think the main reason why I think at one point I started like freezing up was because I couldn't tell who was speaking. So that's why I was like, okay, who's speaking? But then, like, I guess I froze up again, because I didn't know.

Coach  2:18  
It's definitely, it's definitely a little bit of challenge sometimes to figure out who in the simulation is talking. Um, but we want to make sure that we're pretty quick with it so that we can get back to our discussion of classroom norms and not have like, a long conversation about why we want to get back to classroom norms, because the simulation is pretty small, and our time is very valuable in the classroom. So and then to think about, like how we can redirect the students, we want to make sure that we're being very specific with what we're telling them to do. And part of that specific redirection involves just naming the students, so making sure we say like, Ethan, Stop whistling. You know, and just telling them exactly what we want him to stop doing. Because, um, I remember one of the times you said like, we're going to listen and Ethan's like, yeah, I'm listening. Because in to him, he might be able to whistle and listen to you at the same time, but that was whistling is still distracting the other students. So we can just say, like, Ethan, stop whistling. Or when he's drumming, Ethan, put your hands in your lap and stop drumming. But that way, we can just give a very, like specific redirection that tells the student make sure the student knows we're talking to them by addressing them by name, and quickly names the behavior that we want them to stop doing. And sometimes it might also look like naming the behavior we want them to do. For example, with drumming. You can say Ethan, stop drumming and put your hands in your lap. Or when you know, uh- Dev, I think it is who pretends to be Darth Vader.

Teacher  4:00  
Uh huh.

Coach  4:01  
Who talks about superheroes? Um and you say, you know, Dev, we aren't speaking about that at this moment. And that that's on the direction to being specific, but we want to even be able to say like, Dev. Right now, we're talking about classroom norms. Stop talking about superheroes. Or you know, like, right now we're having a discussion on classroom norms stop talking about superheroes, but that way, he's very clear about what we're supposed to be talking about and what we're not supposed to be talking about.

Teacher  4:29  
Okay, so just kind of be more exact on what...

Coach  4:33  
Yes, because especially with elementary students, there they don't have like a malicious intent or anything, they're not trying to be sarcastic. But if we're like, make sure you're listening or pay attention or eyes up here, they might not always get the cues that we're saying stop what you're doing and do this instead. We need to be as specific as possible.

Teacher  4:52  
Okay.

Coach  4:53  
So, next when if Ethan starts whistling this time, what might you say to him?

Teacher  4:59  
Ethan, could you please stop whistling? Right now we are going to be talking about classroom norms.

Coach  5:05  
Yep. So the one thing I would change about that is we want to take out the question, because he might be like, No, I'm just like, cuz he could say like, No, I keep whistling.

Teacher  5:14  
Oh okay.

Coach  5:15  
Just to say like, you know, stop whistling

Teacher  5:17  
Ethan stop whistling, okay.

Coach  5:17  
rather than like, can you stop listening? Or like, can you wait and tell me that later? When you ask them they might be like, no, I'm gonna still tell you right now. Not in a defiant way or anything like that just in a, you know

Teacher  5:29  
A kid like way.

Coach  5:32  
Alright, so just make sure you respond to things in a really timely fashion in this go around as well as just give them a specific redirection of to stop doing something. 

Teacher  5:41  
Okay, so this one's gonna be just like the one I just did. 

Coach  5:44  
Yep, just like what you just did.

