Coach  0:00  
All right, how did you feel that went?

Teacher  0:05  
I think it was good. But I think yeah, it's sometimes it's very hard when you have that one student where he's like, constantly or he or she's constantly like talking and being off topic.

Coach  0:17  
And it's very real, it happens in the classroom. And I want to go ahead and point out, I think you did a really great job redirecting Ethan, at the very beginning, when he was making...the very first time you redirect him with when he was making the noises, and you were like, Ethan, let's keep quiet. And you just told him very quickly, right after he started making the noises, you even used a symbol with your hands, which is great. Because eventually, you know, we might be able to just do that without the student having to even take the conversation away from learning. But you quickly addressed him by name. And then very specifically told him to keep quiet. And so that is really like the redirection that we're looking for. And so I'm just going to encourage you to, like, continue what you were doing there throughout the simulation, because throughout the simulation, you, when students were off task again, you reminded them to like, raise their hand, and then they kind of raised their hand, were like, okay, well, how does my Darth Vader voice sound now? So we want to just be as specific as possible. And you did that a lot, but we just wanna make sure we do it consistently. Okay? So if we think back to some of the things you said, when, you know, Ethan was whistling, and you're like, no, I don't hear your whistle. But then he kept whistling. And you said, like, remember right now we're in the classroom, maybe in recess, we can go ahead and do that if you want to speak and raise your hand. So then he did raise his hand, and he started whistling again. 

Teacher  1:53  
Yeah.

Coach  1:53  
Instead of saying that, we could just keep it quickly, we could just keep it really quick with, Ethan we're not whistling right now, you can practice that at recess. And then that way, there's no confusion over, oh, I need to raise my hand to whistle or, like, it wasn't the whistling it was that I didn't raise my hand. So more like, specific and quick, we can be with our redirections the more time that we have to focus on the actual activity, whether it be norms or future learning that they have to do.

Teacher  2:26  
Right. 

Coach  2:27  
So if we think about, like, Deb, when he goes to turn to Ava, I think it is next to him, he starts talking about the superheroes on her backpack and everything. What could you say to Dev to succinctly and quickly just redirect him?

Teacher  2:49  
Maybe just do the whole signal again, and like, Dev, let's keep it down.

Speaker 1  2:55  
Dev let's keep it down. That's a good one. And what about if I am, I'm in your class, and you're going over norms. And I'm like, turn to my neighbor. Oh, hey, um, my birthday is tomorrow. What kind of cupcakes do you think I should get? Should I have my mom make chocolate or vanilla? What should you say?

Teacher  3:15  
I would say, hey, let's keep it down. We can talk about that later on in your day when you have time. But right now we're talking about classroom rules. So let's stay focused.

Coach  3:24  
Yeah. So like, you know, keep it down. We're not talking about that right now. You could do that, you know, during recess, but we're talking about norms. Yep. So like, as specifically, we can redirect them as possible is what we're looking for. And then also, you did, you kind of went back and forth between like, sometimes being specific and sometimes not. So just as being as specific as possible. But then also kind of like the next thing that we're looking for. And just because you already, you were kind of showing all sorts of the different things we're looking for. Sometimes if we can be as succinct as possible. So sometimes we feel the need to go like get these long, you know, oh, that is really like...with Dev talking about superheroes. Like that is a really nice comment but we're in class and we want to make sure we're doing classwork. But sometimes with these behaviors, we don't necessarily need to explain too much. So we can just say, you know, like, right now we're in class, not talking about superheroes. Save that for a recess. And that way, it just doesn't take too much time away from the learning activity. Um, do you have any questions for me?

Teacher  4:30  
No.

Coach  4:31  
All right, so we can do another one. So I'm going to be a student and I just pull out a book to read.

Teacher  4:39  
Okay. What do I call you? I'm sorry.

Coach  4:42  
You can call me Coach. That's fine.

Teacher  4:44  
Okay. Coach, let's look away. We can go ahead and read that later at recess. Okay?

Coach  4:51  
I like to read.

Teacher  4:53  
I understand, but right now we're doing classroom rules. Remember? Thank you.

