Coach  0:00  
End simulation. Okay, take a deep breath. You're finished with the first one. I'm going to reset my timer for our coaching conversation and just finish one note, and then we'll start. We'll talk about what happened.

Teacher  0:13  
Okay.

Coach  0:19  
Okay. So, um, tell me about how... how it went, what you think went well, what you think was challenging.

Teacher  0:26  
Um, I think everyone answered about classroom norms. Everyone shared something. It was just like the... like the interruptions.

Coach  0:39  
Yes. Yeah, definitely. So yes, I think you did a really nice job asking questions and asking follow up questions to get those students participating. And I saw that you noticed all the interruptions, but it seems like maybe you weren't totally sure what to do about them. Does that sound right?

Teacher  0:54  
 No, yeah.

Coach  0:53  
Yeah? Okay. So, um, so we'll work on that for today so that you can go back into the simulation and try a sort of new strategy. So, a lot of what you did when they were interrupting is sometimes you, you talked. You like, sort of kept talking about the norms, which I totally understand. You're like trying to keep it on task. A few times you asked Ethan to keep it down, like, "Can you keep it down?" And he sort of did. And a few times, you went to the student who was interrupting, and you were like, "Do you have something to contribute?" or, "Can you tell me about a norm?" Right? So you're trying to bring them back into the conversation. 

Teacher  0:54  
Yeah.

Coach  1:03  
So I totally understand all of those things. The challenge is that they can't participate in the conversation, and no student is going to be able to sort of pay attention and focus until you've gotten the distraction to stop. So talking about norms is important and encouraging the student to, like, return to the conversation is great, after you've effectively gotten the student to stop the interruption. So keep doing those things, but before you do them, I want you to say something like, "Ethan, please stop drumming." Keep it down is a little bit too generic. It's unclear what you might mean by keep it down. Like, if he really wanted to, Ethan could be like, "Well, my hands are down, so I'm keeping it down." And middle school students, and sometimes even elementary school students, are very... very much love to find all those sort of loopholes in what a teacher might say. So you want what you say to be as clear and easy to interpret as possible. Does that make sense? 

Teacher  2:32  
Yeah. 

Coach  2:33  
Okay. So if Ethan says- If Ethan is singing, what might you say to him? 

Teacher  2:40  
Ethan, can you please stop singing? 

Coach  2:42  
Yes, except part of the being so clear so there's no confusion is to not ask a question. You want to make it clear that there's no option, they can't say no. So instead of saying, "Can you please stop singing?" you would say...?

Teacher  2:55  
 Ethan, please stop singing.

Coach  2:57  
Exactly. Yeah. And as long as your tone of voice is like, like we've both been doing, then it's not going to be like you're angry or upset with them. It's just a sort of- and it's not rude. It's just a sort of clear-

Teacher  3:08  
 Yeah

Coach  3:09  
-redirection. So why might that be more effective than some of the strategies that you were trying before?

Teacher  3:18  
I think I was like trying to, like, ignore them. Or not really like ignore them, but I was just trying to brush them off. Like, make it seem that it was like interrupting and, like, I wasn't able to listen to others and stuff.

Coach  3:32  
Yeah, yeah, absolutely. So before I send you back into simulation to try that out with the students, I'm going to pretend to be a student so you can sort of feel what it feels like to do that in the moment. So what that means is, I want you to start by talking about classroom norms, and then I'm going to interrupt you with a misbehavior, and then I want you to say," Coach, stop," and whatever it is that I'm doing that you want me to stop.

Teacher  3:57  
Okay. 

Coach  3:58  
Okay. All right. So take it away, teacher. 

Teacher  4:01  
So today, we are going to be discussing classroom norms.

Coach  4:04  
Savannah! Psst! I want to talk to you about rocket club.

Teacher  4:09  
Coach, can you stop whispering to your friend?

Coach  4:14  
Whispering to my friend, that's great. But you don't want to say "can you," so try it one more time.

Teacher  4:19  
Oh. Coach, stop whispering.

Coach  4:22  
Yes, exactly. And it's very- It's very, very common, because we're so used to when we talk to adults, to politely use language like, "can you." So it's very common to sort of not get that quite right, and that's exactly why we're going to give you this chance to practice when you go back into the simulation, so you can get more comfortable with it. And I promise you as a teacher myself, that it seems like something as simple as "please stop" wouldn't work, but it works very well, especially if you just say it and then move on and go back to what you're doing, and it's not a big long discussion about like, why or a back and forth or threatening to punish them or anything, which you didn't do any of those things. And that's great. So I'm just giving you one little extra phrase there. 

Teacher  5:03  
Okay.

Coach  5:04  
Okay, do you have any questions before... about, about what we talked about before you go back in?

Teacher  5:10  
No, I think- Yeah, I'm good.

Coach  5:13  
Okay, great. Well, I'm excited to see you try the strategy. I think it will help you be able to sort of get through the discussion a little bit more smoothly next time, and we will head back into simulation. So it's the same thing is going to happen again and you're gonna try using the the feedback that we talked about in our coaching conversation, and you should just let me know whenever you're ready, and we'll, we'll start.

Teacher  5:38  
Okay, I'm ready. 

Coach  5:40  
Alright, begin.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
