Coach  0:08  
End simulation. I'm noticing that every time this simulation ends, I'm like, typing away so it always gets me at like a really awkward moment. So how did that go for you? 

Teacher  0:25  
Uh, I was really nervous.

Coach  0:29  
You were really nervous? You did pretty well, though. 

Teacher  0:32  
Thank you.

Coach  0:33  
So what you did really well, there is a moment where... There was a moment where you were like, "Can you please stop the talking out of turn. Raise your hand, if you want to say something." That was like, oh, you're getting so close. You were doing really good. You're doing really good at getting specific about what you want Ethan to do. But today, we're going to talk about two things. We're gonna talk about how to get more specific and succinct, like, getting our statements smaller, shorter, and we're going to talk about... there's just one just like -- and this is a note that I want to leave you with. So you came and you shared your classroom norms. But how did you involve students in that process? 

Teacher  1:31  
What do you mean?

Coach  1:33  
So, I just want to just go back to the directions, like, for this, for this scenario. You wanted the students to generate classroom norms.

Teacher  1:44  
Oh, okay. 

Coach  1:46  
Yeah. So you want to make sure that you get them involved in this process because even in the real classroom setting, getting students involved in creating the classroom norms will ensure that they feel a sense of belonging and commitment to those classroom norms. And it ensures that we're not imposing our ideas onto students, but that they're generating those ideas with us. 

Teacher  2:13  
Mmhm.

Coach  2:13  
Okay, so that's just a note that I want to give you. So make sure that you're having students generate the norms. 

Teacher  2:15  
Mmhm.

Coach  2:20  
But what I want to model for you today is I'm going to model for you how I would redirect Ethan if he portrayed a behavior. So say, Ethan is drumming and he's making noises. You told Ethan, "Can you please lower your voice, Ethan. You're distracting the class. Can you please lower your voice?" Right? The problem with that is Ethan lowered his voice but he was still just distracting to the class. What did you actually want Ethan to do? 

Teacher  2:57  
To stop.

Coach  2:58  
You wanted him to stop, not to lower his voice, but to actually stop talking. Right? So in that scenario, I would say, "Ethan, please stop talking. Ethan, please stop drumming. Ethan, please stop talking." Either one of those would've been acceptable. Even adding you're distracting the class at the end. But just being very clear about the behavior that you're wanting to see stop. Okay, so let's practice that. I'm gonna be a student and I'm gonna do a couple of behaviors. And you're going to use, "Ethan, please stop blank." And make sure that when you're doing that, that you're very clear and specific. Not lowering your voice, not "can you please?" because they can easily say no. 

Teacher  3:53  
Mmhm. Okay.

Coach  3:56  
"Ethan, please stop blank."

Teacher  4:00  
Okay.

Coach  4:01  
Okay. *Begins drumming*

Teacher  4:05  
Ethan, please stop drumming. 

Coach  4:10  
Ma'am I made this paper airplane out of sticky notes. 

Teacher  4:14  
Ethan, please stop making paper airplanes. 

Coach  4:18  
Okay, I'm not making paper airplanes, but I just wanted to talk to you about my paper airplanes.

Teacher  4:24  
Ethan, please stop talking.

Coach  4:28  
There you go.

Teacher  4:28  
*Laughs*

Coach  4:32  
Okay, so great job seeing the behavior. You were really clear about what you would want to stop. Okay. So we're gonna practice this again, but in the same simulation, so let me... Now you get a chance to try the same simulation from the beginning. Do you have any questions before we get started?

Teacher  5:05  
Hmm...Would it be the same, like, classroom norms? 

Coach  5:08  
Yes. So you're going to have the students generate the classroom norms. 

Teacher  5:12  
Okay.

Coach  5:12  
Great question. Okay, so when you're ready to get started, let me know. 

Teacher  5:22  
I'm ready. 

Coach  5:23  
You're ready? Okay, let's have fun. 

Teacher  5:26  
Thank you. 

Coach  5:27  
Begin simulation.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
