Teacher 0:00  
I subbed for kids. So it's like as if I was back at work.

Coach 0:05
Yes, so I can be very realistic sometimes and so I did notice that you, like quickly recognize when students were off task when students were showing behaviors that were not necessarily desired in the classroom. And so I know and you typically pretty quickly tried to redirect the student by, you know, saying, like, Ethan, or calling attention to the student. And this time around, I think we need to work on maybe the phrasing of our redirections so that we can make sure they're very specific. So to continue addressing them right away, but making sure that we give a clear redirection so that there's no confusion for what the student should not or should be doing. Okay? And so, I am going to kind of, we're going to go through some of the different behaviors that we saw, and how you respond to them and try to think about how we can maybe make our redirection more specific. Okay? All right. So, um, when Ethan begins to do his Darth Vader impersonation, um, you said, like, no speaking when I'm talking, and you can talk about everything you need to talk about after the rules, okay. But he kind of responded with like, I'm not talking, I'm just making noise, right? 

Teacher 1:30
Yes, they brought me back to work. I was like, no I don't wanna do this.

Coach 1:35
Yes and so lots of times with these like behaviors, especially in elementary school, they're not trying to be defiant or horribly disrespectful, or anything like that. They just want to, they're just not entirely sure of what they're doing. Or they might have a bunch of extra energy. So rather than ask them questions, saying, you know, is that what you're supposed to be doing right now? Or, you know, did I call on you to speak? Or are you being respectful, we just need to give a really specific redirection, that's just, you know, "Ethan, stop making Darth Vader noises. We are only doing classroom norms." And that way, there's no confusion for what he should be doing and what he should not be doing. Does that make sense?  So we want to like, name the students, as well as name the behavior that we want them to stop doing. And we want to make sure that what we tell them to stop doing directly aligns with what they're doing. So when Ethan was drumming, you told him to stay quiet. But then he said, Okay, I'll keep doing this. So maybe what could we say to him that addresses both the noise and the hand movement, and when he's strumming?

Teacher 2:53
Something in a way to like to keep his hands to on the table or like to his lap at all?

Coach 2:58
Yeah, that's exactly right. So we could just say, Ethan, you know, stop making drumming noises and put your hands in your lap, or on the table, or wherever you want them to be. But that way, you named both the stop making noise and the hand movements. So that way, he understands exactly what he should be doing. Okay, so what is... and then let's think about Dev too for a second because Dev turns and starts talking to either Jasmine or Ava, I don't remember which one but he starts talking to her about superheroes. And you said, Dev, did you raise your hand to speak to Jasmine? thing is if we raised his hand, do we want him to still raise his hand and start talking about superheroes? No, So what should what could we say to Dev maybe to redirect him here more specifically?

Teacher 3:53
Like it's in my head to like actually say like, I don't.

Coach 3:58
So what is he doing that we don't want him to be doing?

Teacher 4:00
Interrupting.

Coach 4:02
So he's interrupting, he's also like, having a side conversation with a peer, right? So we can just say, you know, Dev, now is not the time to interrupt or Dev now is not the time to talk to your neighbors. You know, and that way we he knows that he's not supposed to be talking to his neighbors, because interrupting he might even think interrupting only shouting out to the whole class to interrupt you. And he might just say, Oh, I'm just talking to my neighbor. So we just want to be as specific as possible and say, Dev stop talking about superheroes to your neighbor and just then get back to classroom norm setting. Alright, so this time, I'm a student and I pull out a book to read. What should you tell me?

Teacher 4:50
Oh my god it's because i'm nervous.

Coach 4:53
Don't be nervous, this is just an opportunity to learn.

Teacher 4:56
What was the question again?

Coach  4:59
If I pull out a book to read. You could just say, Jamie, put your book away and stop reading. So we just want to like name exactly what we want them to stop doing. Okay? Alright, so we've got to do round two now. Do you have any other questions? Okay, excellent. I'm gonna turn my camera off. And in this round, we're just going to give specific directions.
