Coach  0:00  
Um, tell me first before I give you feedback how you think it went?

Teacher  0:04  
Um, I think it went okay. It was kind of hard to like keep the children paying attention. 

Coach  0:11  
Tell me more about that. 

Teacher  0:13  
Um, it's hard to redirect their attention when, you know, we're just talking about the rules. I know they hear it every year, so it's kind of like, a repetitive thing. 

Coach  0:25  
Yeah, absolutely. So I think you did a really nice job of trying to redirect their behavior, you didn't sort of ignore it, which is really important as, as a first step, because if you ignore it, then it will absolutely just continue. So what I want to talk about in terms of what you can change for next time is what, what can you say, to help students redirect their behavior or pay attention, as you say. So a lot of the things that you said, when you were redirecting were like, "Can you pay attention? Can you tell me a rule," which are all important things, right? You want them to pay attention, you want them to participate in the conversation, but they're also very kind of generic or nonspecific things like, "what does it mean to pay attention?" Or, you know, I mean, giving a rule is a little bit more specific, because you're trying to ask them to engage in the material, but you haven't kind of gotten them to stop the distraction before you ask them to engage. So what I want you to try instead is giving a very specific, "please stop," or sorry, say the student's name, and then say, "please stop" and describe very specifically, whatever it is the behavior that you want them to stop. So for example, when Ethan was singing, what could you say that follows that formula?

Teacher  1:37  
"Ethan please stop banging the, the tables."

Coach  1:42  
Yeah, exactly. And so that, that formula is what I want you to try using for all the different sort of distractions or mis behaviors that you see when you go back into the simulation. And I want to point out that what I'm doing when I say that is, I'm not asking a question, I'm making a statement, because it's not optional for students and I don't want them to say like, "well, I don't want to" or "No, I can't do that." You want to just be very clear, "this is what I want you to do." And the second piece, and you did this, well, most of the time, but towards the end, I think you were getting a little bit frustrated, understandably so, right. So you want to make sure that when you're saying it, you keep a sort of even sort of neutral or positive tone, "Ethan can you please," sorry, not "can you please,", say "Ethan please stop drumming." And then that's it, and then just move on to go back to talking about the classroom norms. Does that make sense? 

Teacher  2:37  
Yes. 

Coach  2:38  
Okay. So I'm going to pretend to be oh, sorry, I'm not going to pretend before, before I pretend we'll do a little bit of practice. But first, can you tell me why you think what I'm suggesting about this specific telling them to stop might be more effective than what you were doing before? 

Teacher  2:57  
It's more effective, because it doesn't give them an option to stop doing it or not. It's like, they have to, you know, like, it's a stament so they have to follow it.

Coach  3:07  
Yeah, they have to, and it's very clear, there's no sort of confusion about what it is that you want them to do. Yeah, absolutely. So I'm gonna pretend to be a student now so that you can practice sort of what it feels like to make that statement. So let's see. "Lalala lalala lalala lalala lalala lalala La la la."

Teacher  3:31  
I suppose to say your name. I'm sorry.

Coach  3:34  
Sorry, that was my mistake. Yeah, you can you can say, Coach, or you can say Ethan, whatever, whatever you prefer. I'm going to start I'm going to start again. "Laalalalalalalalala"

Teacher  3:48  
"Ethan, can you please stop singing please? Um, so we're gonna get back to the rules."

Coach  3:58  
So you made a nice transition. But you said, "Ethan, can you please stop" Instead you want to say - 

Teacher  4:04  
"Please stop?"

Coach  4:05  
Yes, it's hard because we naturally, like want to be polite, and talk to adults when we're being polite, but with kids, the polite just ends up being confusing. So it's not you know, it's not impolite. You're not being rude by, by, by telling them you're the teacher, you have that authority. So that's perfectly fine, but it takes some getting used to. So I think we have enough time. So I'm going to pretend to be a student again, but this time, I want you to start talking about the norms first, and I'll interrupt you and then I want you to try telling me what to stop doing. 

Teacher  4:38  
Okay.

Teacher  4:39  
"So the first rule we have is following directions. Why do you think that's a important?"

Coach  4:44  
"boom, boom boom, boom"

Teacher  4:46  
"Ethan, can you please stop doing that?"

Teacher  4:52  
Sorry -

Coach  4:53  
That's okay. That's okay. So, what did you notice that you didn't quite, quite do?

Teacher  4:59  
um - 

Coach  5:05  
Oh, that you asked a question again. I wasn't sure if you, you relaized it that time.

Teacher  5:10  
Ohh okay - 

Coach  5:10  
Yeah. You said "can you" yeah. So that's okay, now you have another chance to practice this. So again, we're not expecting you to get it perfect. It's just a chance to try out some of the feedback that I gave you. So we're going to do the same simulation again from the beginning. So it's going to be the five students, you're going to lead the classroom norms, and you will try to redirect them when they are getting off track.

