Coach  0:00  
I'm gonna start by asking you to reflect on how you think it went.

Teacher  0:07  
I didn't know how to stop it whenever they were interrupting or like, to be like, if I should like cut them off or not. So...

Coach  0:15  
That's exactly what this simulation is designed to give you practice with. And so what I want to say is that first, you did a really nice job of noticing the behavior. Sometimes we have teachers who don't know what to do, and they ignore it completely. But you didn't ignore it, you were really trying to redirect the behavior and get them on task. So what I want to talk about for today is how can you do that in a way that will be more effective, where they won't just sort of keep going with the behavior. So tell me a little bit about what you tried and what you think might work to get a student to stop if they're misbehaving or getting off task.

Teacher  0:51  
So I kind of just redirect it back to the back to the topic of what we were talking about. So like, I would let them know, like, okay, like, I'm going to be asking her, like, can you like, let's, let's hear her out. And then at the end, I also, I made up a rule too to not interrupt for them to know that that is a rule in the class, to let everybody speak.

Coach  1:12  
Yeah. And that makes a lot of sense. And so this idea that you want to tell students, what you need them to do is exactly right. The thing that I want you to sort of change a little bit is how you explain it to be more specific and more observable so that there's no ambiguity for students about what you want them to do. So I think Ethan sometimes was like, I'm doing it, but I'm still listening or like, okay, you can keep going. And that was sort of the signal that they were like, oh, what she said is not, you know, there's some leeway, there's some wiggle room and I can still kind of do what I want. So you have to figure out as a teacher, and this was hard all the time, I would come up with new ways to say things just keep students would find new little ways to wiggle with sort of like completely clear, no wiggle room redirection that you can give them. So if Ethan is drumming, for example, then you should say something like, exactly what not to do. So Ethan, please stop drumming, or exactly what you want him to do. Ethan, please stop drumming and answer the question about classroom norms. 

Teacher  2:15  
Okay.

Coach  2:17  
Does that make sense? 

Teacher  2:18  
Yes. 

Coach  2:19  
So how is that different than what you were doing in your first simulation?

Teacher  2:25  
I was just kind of like, I wasn't telling him to stop what he was doing. I was just telling him like, what I wanted him to do. So like, whenever I would say, like, okay, like, let's get back to the discussion. You know, like, let's have your, your classmates speak. So I wouldn't necessarily, so like, I didn't tell him to stop. I just told him like, I went to the second step that you're that you're asking me to do.

Coach  2:48  
Yeah. Okay. So why is it, why do think it's important to do the first step first?

Teacher  2:54  
So that students like, know, what not to do maybe like, part of like, the rules, or?

Coach  3:01  
Yeah, I mean, no, you're not necessarily establishing like a rule for the year, right? You're just establishing that you as a teacher sort of are part of the control of what's happening in the classroom at any moment. And there might be times where drumming or whatever else is okay, but this is not the time. You're establishing the boundaries of what is acceptable, or not acceptable right now. Yeah, exactly. Perfect. So in the last minute, we're going to practice, so I'm going to pretend to be a student who's misbehaving and I'd like you to redirect me to tell me what not to do and what to do instead. Right away, as soon as you notice that I'm misbehaving. 

Teacher  3:38  
Okay.

Coach  3:39  
So if you want to start talking about classroom norms than I can interrupt you, and you can practice that moment.

Teacher  3:45  
Okay. So classroom norms are important for... 

Coach  3:49  
*starts making noises* 

Teacher  3:51  
Coach, can you stop singing we're gonna be talking about the discussion, about the classroom norms? Is that okay?

Coach  3:58  
And that is great, except for the fact that what you did is asked a question, and I should have mentioned that before, because you did that sometimes in your, in your simulation too. A question opens up the opportunity for the students to be like, No, I don't want to. So you want to make sure that when you're redirecting that you sort of say directly, please do this. Yes. So let's try that one more time.

Teacher  4:19  
Okay. Okay, so today, we're going to be talking about the classroom norms, and see 

Coach  4:26  
*starts making noises*

Teacher  4:26  
Coach please stop booing. Let's hear about the, let's pay attention to what I'm saying. Okay? Thank you.

Coach  4:35  
Excellent. And that's really great. That's a big improvement. So if you want to just focus on saying stop and don't worry about what to do, that's, that's fine. If you want to keep playing around with what to do next, try to be even more specific than pay attention. You want something observable, so like, close your mouth face forward, or, you know, open your ears or something. Because pay attention can just be interpreted in lots of different ways. 

Teacher  5:00  
Okay.

Coach  5:01  
But you're also, if that feels like a little bit too much for one sort of practice then you can just focus on telling them what to stop. 

Teacher  5:10  
Okay.

Coach  5:12  
 And that is the end of our coaching session

