Coach  0:02  
Okay, that was the first simulation. How did that go for you?

Teacher 0:08
Oh my gosh, it was really hard. I didn't know what to do.

Coach 0:13
No, I one thing that I've been like just that you very calm through it and really came from a place of like wanting to just like understand why the rules are the rules. So just your comments the way that you went about it was great. Your tone was great. But today, what I want to talk about is I want to talk about being specific with your, with what you said, right? So that you can address the behavior, and then move on to the lesson. Right? So I want to first try by modeling *inaudible*, right? So I'm going to show you then we're going to practice. So Dev, Ethan starts drumming, he;s drumming, he's drumming, he's drumming. I'm going to say Ethan please stop drumming and i'm going to move on.I'm going to adjust the behavior as timely and adjusted as timely and as specific as I can and then I'm going to move on back to my own lesson. Okay, so now, let's practice. I'm going to be our friend Ethan okay? And you're going to be the teacher. I just want to jump into it. *Starts whistling*

Teacher  1:45  
Ethan, could you please stop doing that, we're in class.

Coach  1:57  
Okay, okay. *Makes noises*

Teacher 2:05
Ethan, please stop drumming please.

Coach 2:10
I'm *inaudible* drumming, but I'm still whistling.
Unknown Speaker  2:14  
Yeah, but you're not letting everybody, everybody else listening. So we're gonna stop that. Okay.

Coach  2:21  
Okay. So what I asked you to focus on is thinking about what is the behavior that they're doing? And what is it that I want them to stop? I want to get real clear on what is it that you're doing? What is it? I want you to stop? And how can I say that in as few words as possible so that I can move on to the lesson. The lesson is what's most important that I want to get through so the whole class can continue to learn. Right? Okay. Any questions?

Teacher  2:54  
No, I don't think so.

Coach  2:57  
Okay, and why might that be better, why might be better to address students with short specific cues for short, and specific things like that.

Teacher 3:09  
So when, basically in I'm not going to give them the three rules right away, if not, like I'm going to explain what that looks like first, before moving on to the next rule, right.

Coach  3:25  
So what you want to do is you want to have the students generate the rules. So you don't want to come with all the rules already created, you want the students to generate them. So you want to ask questions to the students to say which which norm should we have as a class? And tell me why. Okay, it's the the focus there is to make sure that the norms are collaborative, so that when they are agreed upon the students feel that they were part of the decision making process to make those rules, so that just tend to have a greater buy in to those rules when they play a part in creating them.

Teacher  4:17  
Okay, I'm taking notes.

Coach  4:20  
Great question. Any other questions before we move on to the to the simulations?

Teacher  4:28  
No, I think I'm good.
