Coach  0:01  
How did that go?

Teacher  0:03  
That was very chaotic. But this is the kind of practice that I want with students that are like that, actually.

Coach  0:12  
I'm so glad to hear you say that.

Teacher  0:14  
Yeah.

Coach  0:15  
Let's dive into it. Something that you did well was you stayed calm through and through. Like you didn't raise your voice, you tried to like just bring yourself in and your tone was consistent through and through. Great job with keeping your tone and keeping your cool.

Teacher  0:33  
Thank you.

Coach  0:36  
Something that I want to work on is being specific

Teacher  0:40  
Mhm.

Coach  0:41  
It's hard saying that word... specific with your redirection and what you're saying to students. So I'm going to repeat to you what you said,

Teacher  0:51  
Okay.

Coach  0:52  
and I going to give you an example of what I would do. Okay, so Ethan is whistling, and you said, Okay, let's, let's, let's close, let's try to be quiet. And then later said Ethan, do you want to step out? So you don't want Ethan to step out because then he loses out on educational experience, right?

Teacher  1:21  
Right.

Coach  1:21  
And being quiet is always a tricky one. As a teacher, when we tell kids to be quiet, it's not actually telling them to stop the behavior is just telling them to lower their voices. Right? But we actually want them behavior to stop.

Teacher  1:39  
Okay.

Coach  1:40  
So what I would say is Ethan, please stop whistling. So I'm clear with the what the behavior is, and I'm clear with what I want him to stop doing. Ethan, please stop whistling. And then he starts talking, and this is one that like is like really hard. Ethan does it, and Dev does it at a certain point to when he talks about superheroes with Ava. And they're just talking about something that's off task. Ethan, please stop talking. We're talking about classroom norms right now. Dev, please stop talking. We're talking about classrooms norms right now.

Teacher  2:20  
Okay. 

Coach  2:21  
Okay. So let's practice that. I am going to be Ethan and I'm going to start showing behaviors, and I want you to look at the behavior. Think about what it is. And clearly and specifically tell me Ethan, please stop blank. Alright, ready? 

Teacher  2:46  
Mhm.

Coach  2:49  
Man, I made these cool air airplanes out of sticky paper, and they're like mini airplanes. And then when I throw them, they're

Teacher  2:56  
Ethan, please stop talking about the airplanes, because we're going to go over some classroom rules right now. Okay? Okay, the first rule is we are a team. Okay? Ethan, let's put down the paper plane. And think about this first rule. We are a team. Okay, what do you think about this first rule?

Coach  3:20  
I don't know what I'm thinking, but my airplanes are really cool, and I just.

Teacher  3:29  
Let's stop talking about the airplanes and talk about the rules, okay? Can you think of another rule that we can have as a class?

Coach  3:39  
Okay, so that's getting better. So you're being specific about the behavior. Let's stop talking about the rule ... and it's let's stop talking? Or please stop talking about

Teacher  3:49  
Please stop talking. Okay, yeah.

Coach  3:50  
Yes. Because if you're saying can we stop talking, 

Teacher  3:54  
Oh.

Coach  3:54  
let's stop talking. Let's stop talking means both of us are going to stop talking.

Teacher  3:58  
Yeah, not phrase it as a question. 

Coach  4:00  
Yes.

Teacher  4:00  
More like let's. Please stop talking.

Coach  4:04  
It's please stop talking. We are talking about classroom norms right now. So be careful about like how you phrase it, because let's stop talking means we'll both stop talking. Can you stop talking? I'm going to say no. Okay, so it's just please stop talking about x.

Teacher  4:22  
Okay.

Coach  4:23  
Alright. So we're going to practice again.

Teacher  4:25  
Mhm.

Coach  4:27  
Alright. This time, we're going to do it in the simulation.

Teacher  4:33  
Okay.

Coach  4:34  
Okay. So now you have a chance to try the same simulation in the beginning. Do you have any questions before we get started?

