Coach  0:00  
End Simulation. Alright, how did you feel about that? 

Teacher  0:08  
*Laughing* I know it's a simulation, but yooooo... Oh, okay. I'm sorry.

Coach  0:19  
 That's okay. Um, so it's definitely a simulation. But it's something that can very much happen in the classroom, where students, especially in that early childhood setting, where they just have this extra energy they want to get out, they're not malicious with intent. They're not like trying to defiantly not follow the classrooms, but they are off task. And so, um, I noticed that you recognize the off task behavior, you-- you're, you looked a certain way or you giggled or something. And so it's good that we recognize this behavior. But moving forward, we need to make sure that we address it in a very timely way. 

Teacher  0:56  
Ok.

Coach  0:56  
Because the thing is our class time is very valuable. And when students are off task, that's less time that then they're-- they're engaging with whatever activity we're supposed to be doing. So we have to make sure that we immediately respond to these behaviors before students, um, just continue with whatever they're talking about, whether that be the superheroes or drumming or whistling, we want to  address it immediately. Does that make sense?

Teacher  1:23  
Yes, it does. I'm sorry, I'm looking for a pen.

Coach  1:25  
Oh, that's okay. Um, so the way we can address these behaviors immediately, it's just the moment we notice it, stopping it. You got your pen?

Teacher  1:39  
Yes.

Coach  1:40  
Okay, great. So, the moment, um, when Ethan was-- when he was drumming, um, the moment we see him, we can say, "Ethan, stop drumming and put your hands in your lap." That way, we address him by name. And we give him a very specific clear direction of what he needs to stop doing. Um, I noticed that you, when you were redirecting, you kind of just said his name, "Ethan, Ethan, Ethan," or you asked him like, "can you like, make sure you raise your hand," but those aren't necessarily that specific, they're so vague. So to Ethan, he's like, "Oh, if I raise my hand, now I can start talking about superheroes," or "Now I can start asking her if she wants to hear my Urkle impression." Right? So we want to just say, you know, "Ethan, this is not the time to do-- this is not the time for impressions," or, "Dev, This is not the time for superhero talk. Ask me at recess." You know, so we're just immediately giving a specific direction with the student's name. And the act that we want them to stop doing. 

Teacher  2:45  
Okay. 

Coach  2:46  
So if I am a student in your class, and you're going through your norms, and I just turn to my neighbor, and I'm like, "It's my birthday tomorrow, do you think I should have a chocolate cake, vanilla cake..." And I just start talking, what should you immediately do before I even get too far into my conversation?

Teacher  3:04  
Um, say like that, we can go ahead and discuss it at a later time because right now we're in class. So we need to focus on our schoolwork.

Coach  3:12  
Yes. So you would say, "COACH, we're not going to discuss this right now. Because we're focusing on our schoolwork, you can discuss that at another time." 

Teacher  3:19  
Okay. 

Coach  3:19  
And just like immediately, say the name. And one thing I noticed is that, you did, like, when Ethan was whistling, you said like, "Ethan, can you listen real quick?" But the thing is, we don't want to ask those questions because the student might, the student might be able to whistle and listen at the same time, or drum and pay attention at this time. And we want to make sure we're-- that still distracting other students. So, we just want to make sure we say, "Ethan, Stop whistling." or "Ethan, you know, stop talking about superheroes." Or whatever, whatever they're doing. We just want to make sure we name that behavior and tell him to stop, that that's not the time for that right now. 

Teacher  4:00  
Okay. 

Coach  4:01  
So we'll do another practice. And I'm just going to be a student. So just practice talking about norms, and I'm going to be off task and I want you to stop me. Okay?

Teacher  4:12  
 Okay. 

Coach  4:13  
All right. So...

Teacher  4:15  
all right. So good morning. Today, we're gonna go ahead and--

Coach  4:20  
Does anyone have a nail file? I have a hangnail and I really need to fix it. Anybody?

Teacher  4:22  
COACH, right now is not the time to talk. We can go ahead and have open classroom discussion later. But right now we really need to focus on our classroom n-- on our classroom rules. So I need you to listen to me, alright?

Coach  4:34  
But I broke my nail, I need a nail file.

Teacher  4:36  
Yes, I know COACH, but not right now, okay? We can look we can look for one later right now we really need to focus.

Coach  4:42  
Okay, so you addressed me by name, you told me that this is not the time for that right now. And then, when I came back, you still said, "Not right now. You can look for that later."

Teacher  4:52  
 Okay. 

Coach  4:53  
So you were able to give that, like, quick, I wasn't able to go on and on to my invisible friend next to me about a nail file. But you were quickly to-- you were quick to give a specific redirection so thank you for that. Do you have any other questions?

Teacher  5:09  
Um... No, I don't think so. I think I'm good.

Coach  5:17  
Okay, well, I'm going to turn my camera off, and begin simulation.

