Jamie McLemore  0:01  
Alright, Teacher, what did you think of that round of classroom norms?

Teacher  0:04  
I...umm

Jamie McLemore  0:09  
Was it different than what you expected? 

Teacher  0:11  
Yeah.

Jamie McLemore  0:12  
 Yes. So I definitely think that you did a really good job working to establish your classroom norms, and asking your students to put their, oh, I need to set my timer. Oh, I did, um, put their input into what they think the classroom norms should be. Because that's a really important part of setting up a culture, for your classroom to feel like they have buy in and that their voices are heard in your classroom. So I think asking for their opinions was one great way to go about starting your classroom norms. And for this simulation for round two, we're going to work on

Teacher  0:48  
being able to redirect those off task behaviors. So we had a student doing Darth Vader noises talking about superheroes. Ummm, doing impersonations, whistling drumming, and we want to make sure that we respond to those in a really timely manner. Because when the students continue to do that, it's, um, 1) allowing...it's giving the idea that those misbehaviors are appropriate and accepted in the classroom. But also, it then takes away the learning from others. So we want to make sure that we're able to quickly and immediately address those behaviors.

Jamie McLemore  1:30  
Cool. Does that make sense?

Teacher  1:33  
Mhmm, and what's a way I can do that? 

Jamie McLemore  1:35  
So if, for example, when, um, if it begins with Ethan whistling, right? And you called on him, and you were like, Ethan, what's the rule we should implement? And he said something, but then he went back to whistling. So it's really simple, we can just say, right, as he begins listening, we can say, Ethan, stop listening.

Um, and then just be like, now, Ethan, do you have a rule that you could share like that after you redirect him, and we just just to say their name, and then just to quickly direct them with what they should stop doing? We're letting them both know that we're talking to them, and that their current behavior is not appropriate for class. Okay, um, I noticed a couple times you were like, everyone should be listening, or you just kind of like, let's say it's silent and let them continue. And so when we say things, like, everyone should be listening, that's just a little vague, because the students might think like, Oh, I am listening, like, I can drum or whistle and still listen at the same time, right? So if I'm a student, and I decide to, you know, I turn to my neighbor, and I'm just like, hey, do you have any food? I'm kind of hungry, like, and just start talking to a neighbor. about food? What what do you think you could say to me, right, when I start talking?

Teacher  2:59  
Um, I'm not sure. 

Jamie McLemore  3:03  
So like, it's just, it's just as simple as, you know, saying my name, Jamie, we're not talking about that right now. You'll have lunch soon. If I'm talking about being hungry, you know, oh, but I'm hungry. Well, this is not the time to eat, you will eat at lunchtime, or you'll eat at snack time. But just quickly, just to say, like, stop whatever you're doing. Um, and so like, if I broke a nail, and I pulled out my nail fall file and started filing my nails in class, what might you say to that? Is not the appropriate time to find out? Yeah, and just say like, Jamie, not the appropriate time to follow your nails put that away. Because if you had said instead, like Jamie, pay attention, I might be like, oh, yeah, I am paying attention I am.

But it's just not the appropriate time to be doing that. So that's, that's a great redirection. Um, we want when we give those redirections, too, we want to make sure we say the statements just as quickly as possible. Because when we state as a question, like, if you were to be like, Jamie, can you put your nail file away? I'd be like, No, I really can't I got a really bad got a really bad hangnail I need to fix. So you know, like, it's these behaviors are,

like smaller, they're not malicious behaviors. They're not doing it to be rude or disrespectful. They're just doing it because it's just what they want to do. And so we can just give them a quick redirection with their name and to stop doing what they're doing. And then just continue on with the classroom norms. Okay. Do you see why it's important to address them quickly? 

Teacher  4:44  
Yeah, 

Jamie McLemore  4:45  
yeah, cuz if and that way, in round two, if we can address them quickly, you'll be able to probably have more investment from them about the, you know, you might get more investment from them for answering the questions because they will the other students won't be distracted by, you know the person was laying or talking about superheroes okay

okay so in this second round I want you to focus on redirecting behaviors quickly okay okay all right

