Coach  0:00  
Hi. How did that go for you? What were you thinking?

Teacher  0:05  
Um, I guess it was to be expected, especially because it's third grade. They a lot of times, there's one or two students at least that are going to be interrupting and not listening. And you

Coach  0:20  
Yes.

Teacher  0:20  
have to keep your cool, especially because it's the first day of school. 

Coach  0:24  
Yes.

Teacher  0:24  
They've been in summer the whole time. They're not used to having to be patient.

Coach  0:29  
So I'm really glad that you recognize that those are sometimes very typical behaviors in an elementary classroom. And you definitely recognized them immediately, I could tell that you, when you solved misbehaviors, you usually said the students name. And so you recognized it in a timely manner. And so what I think we can work on today is kind of continuing to recognize it quickly, but also to give a very specific redirection so that the students have a very clear idea of the behavior that they need to stop doing.

Teacher  1:03  
Okay.

Coach  1:04  
Okay, so if we start with some of the things you said, when Ethan first starts making noise in class, and he wants to talk to you about the, you know, the song that's stuck in his head, or whatever he was saying, at the very beginning. You said like, okay, Ethan. Nice, Ethan, you know, we're gonna discuss our classroom rules. So you're saying what we're trying to do, but you're not necessarily stopping him from what he needs to stop doing? Do you see the difference between the two?

Teacher  1:38  
Yes.

Coach  1:38  
So you constantly told him like, we're not like you need to be listening. Savannah and I are speaking. And you reminded him of what is going on, and what we're trying to do. But we also need to give him a very specific direction for what he needs to stop doing. 

Teacher  1:52  
Okay.

Coach  1:53  
Okay? So when Ethan is whistling.

Teacher  1:57  
Mhm.

Coach  1:58  
And he's like hoo hoo hoo. And he's like, can you hear it? You're like, yes, yes. But remember the rule I gave, we aren't going to speak. But whistling isn't speaking. So we want to make sure we say like, Ethan, we are not whistling right now. And that way, we give him a clear direction to stop what he's doing.

Teacher  2:16  
Okay.

Coach  2:16  
Do you see the difference between like, we aren't speaking right now...

Teacher  2:20  
Yes, yes. And I noticed it, because I like I was anticipating it. But then I was like, maybe it's not gonna happen that okay, well, I'm not talking. I'm, I'm whistling.

Coach  2:29  
Well, that's great that you are already like anticipating some students noticing the difference between those. And same like when interrupting, he's like, Oh, well, I'm not interrupting. I'm just doing this to myself. Like you two can keep talking. Because in his head, he's not interrupting. And that way, we can just set a very clear, a clear, specific direction of like, the name of the student and stop doing what you're doing. And that way, there is like no vagueness. We're not asking them a question that we're not, you know, giving them any opportunity to be like, No, I'm okay. I'm gonna keep whistling. Or you know, anything like that. So I'm going to pretend to be a student with an off task behavior. And I want you to chime in quickly and give me a redirection, okay?

Teacher  3:16  
Okay.

Coach  3:17  
So I'm going to talk to my neighbor. My birthday is tomorrow. What kind of cupcake should I ask my mom to get for the class?

Teacher  3:22  
Hey, Jamie. 

Coach  3:23  
Yeah?

Teacher  3:24  
We're not. We're not talking with our neighbors right now.

Coach  3:27  
Oh, okay. Well, do you can ask you what kind of cupcakes I should have for my birthday tomorrow?

Teacher  3:31  
No. We need to focus on our classroom rules, okay?. So no more interrupting.

Speaker 1  3:37  
Okay, so there you go. You were able to quickly stop me. And then even when I was like, Okay, well, can I talk to you about it? You still said like, no, that's not what we're doing right now. So that's very important. What about if, what if we have a student who decides that they're going to start just like, singing a song and humming and Mm hmm.

Teacher  4:07  
I did get a little stuck, I didn't know what to do. I was thinking, maybe, like, tell them that that's still a distraction, that they're still interrupting because they might not. They're distracting themselves and other people around them.

Coach  4:22  
Mhm. So we can just say, you know, stop, put your hands in your lap, and we're going to like, you need to stop making noise. And that way, um, they will stop making the noise. If they're clapping their hands or doing whatever if we give the direction like put your hands in your lap. Stop making noise, we're going to focus on our norms. And that way when we give a quick redirection shortly after the student begins, we're not taking away too much time from the learning opportunities for other students.

Teacher  4:50  
Alright.

Coach  4:51  
Do you have any questions for me?

Teacher  4:53  
Um, not right now, No.

Coach  4:56  
Okay. So we're going to do the second round of classroom norms, which is going to be five minutes again, and I want you to think about quickly, naming like a specific action that you want the students to stop. So stop humming or stop talking to your neighbor. You know that way it's a very specific direction for what not to do. 

Teacher  5:14  
Okay.

Coach  5:15  
Alrighty, I'll turn my camera off.

