TeachSIM  0:00  
How did that go?

Teacher  0:05  
Not so good.

TeachSIM  0:08  
Yeah, have you done that simulation before? 

Teacher  0:11  
Never. 

TeachSIM  0:14  
It can be surprising. Definitely can be surprising. So, I wanted to just say, I know that you're taken aback by a lot of it. Staying calm, and saving even headed was a good response, like we shouldn't get mad, or get angry. So I'm really happy that you stayed calm throughout the whole thing, when you were talking to the students. What I want to work on today is, like, you jumping in there. And there was one moment when you finally said, Dev was talking about superheroes, and you said, "can you end your side discussions, and listen to me for a moment". And then finally "Dev, stop talking". So the push that I want to work on today, is jumping in and actually asking them to stop talking more often. So jumping in, when they first start, and getting them to come back on track, because you're right. You weren't able to get through the lesson and create classroom norms. So, let's work on, what do we say when we want to redirect students? I think it might be helpful for me to just model it for you. So if Dev was talking about superheroes, what I would say in the moment would be "Hey, Dev, please stop talking about superheroes. We're working on classroom norms right now". Now, continue the conversation about classroom norms. How does that sound to you?

Teacher  2:09  
Good

TeachSIM  2:12  
I'm wondering if there's anything stopping you or holding you back from jumping in when students are talking and asking them to stop?

Teacher  2:33  
I don't know, I guess because I've never been like, in the actual classroom setting as me being the teacher.

TeachSIM  2:45  
Yes. While in the classroom setting, students are definitely gonna be talking over you. And you have to project your voice and have a strong teacher presence, and communicate the expectations. So this is a place to practice that. So let's practice together. I'm going to pretend to be Ethan and I'm going to show you negative behaviors. You're going to look at those behaviors and you're going to tell me -  you're going to redirect those behaviors you can use the same standard I use. Alright. "Hey, Dev, catch!"

Teacher  3:36  
Ethan, can you not be throwing things in the classroom?

TeachSIM  3:41  
How do you use fewer words? So I would say, "Ethan, put the ball down please". But yours also works. Let's try another. "Hey, Ava, I wonder if I can draw on your face?" What would you say to redirect that?

Teacher  4:21  
Ethan, put the pen down.

TeachSIM  4:30  
Yea. One more. "I have a text message"

Teacher  4:33  
Ethan, put your phone away

TeachSIM  4:35  
Okay, now we're gonna go back into our next simulation. And this time we're going to practice jumping in and redirecting behaviors. You see someone on their phone, "put your phone away". See someone throwing a ball, "put the ball down". Just be okay with jumping again in the middle of the chaos. Do you have any questions before we jump into the next simulation?

Teacher  5:11  
simulation?

