TeachSIM Staff  0:00  
Okay, I am really sorry about that. I don't know what happened, why I got kicked out, but I joined from my phone. Can you see and hear me?

Teacher  0:10  
Yes, I can hear you and see you.

TeachSIM Staff  0:11  
Okay, great. Well, I didn't get kicked out until literally right at the end, right at the simulation was ending. So I guess I need to come in and say end simulation. I'm sorry about that. But I will just have this from my phone with you. Okay? So I'm gonna go ahead and start my timer to begin our coaching session. But I can't do that from my phone. So give me one second, I really apologize for this. Okay, so all right. So how did you think that went?

Teacher  0:42  
I think I was doing good, I could have done better.

TeachSIM Staff  0:46  
I, so I think some things that you did well, were you immediately noticed when students were having a disruptive behavior, and you call that student to bring them into the conversation by addressing them by name. So that's really important that when we notice a student having some sort of behavior, that we address it in a timely way, so that students, we can make sure we get back to learning, right? Um, one thing that I think that you could improve on is making sure that, that redirection is a really specific redirection by really naming what we want them to see. You specifically named a student, and you often tried to, like bring them into the conversation by asking them a question, but their behavior persisted. And so if we think about like, the first time when Ethan's making the Mario noise, you say, like Ethan, do you know what classroom norms, norms mean? Or do you know why classroom noise matters, matters? And so he just sort of began continuing with his Mario noise, right? So we could provide a really specific redirection for him without trying necessarily to draw him back in immediately by just saying, like, Ethan, now's not the time for noise. Instead, could you repeat a classroom norm for me? That way we're still bringing him back in, but we're giving that specific redirection first. Does that make sense? So let's look at another example. When Ethan starts doing Darth Vader, you, you call him by name, and you say, Ethan, why do you think it's important to respect your teachers? Right? So you're trying to bring him back in. But how could we have given up a specific redirection first, and then brought him back into the conversation? What might you have said to Ethan?

Teacher  2:42  
Right now is not the time for noise again.

TeachSIM Staff  2:46  
Right, you can say like, you know, Ethan, stop Darth Vader noises or Ethan, now is not the time for that noise. But we want to make sure you say specifically, what it's not the time for. And then you could say like, why do you think it's important to respect teachers, right? And that way, you're still bringing the student into the conversation. So let's practice, okay? I want you to practice giving me that specific redirection. And I'm going to be a student who, usually I read a book, but I can't do that, really, because I only have one hand. So I have pulled out my book, and I've started reading it. It's open.

Teacher  3:28  
Okay, student, right now is not the time to be reading. Can you repeat classroom rule number one?

TeachSIM Staff  3:36  
Yes. So that way, you've told me that I should not be reading. And we could even be like more specific and say, you know, student, put the book away. Right? And that we name what you want me to do instead, too. But what you said is also a specific redirection because you told me that it's not appropriate to you reading right now. So this time, I'm going to be a student who has a conversation with my friend. So tomorrow is my birthday. And I think my mom's gonna make cupcakes.

Teacher  4:05  
Hey, student, right now's not the time to be having side conversations. Can you repeat rule number two for me?

TeachSIM Staff  4:10  
Yeah. And so you've still pulled me back into the conversation. So I know that my redirection is not trying to like exclude me from the class in any way. We could even provide a more specific redirection by not just saying now is not the time to do that. And just say like, student, stop your conversation, instead. Could you repeat rule number two to me? Do you see how one might be even more specific than the other? Um, so let's try one more. I am doodling.

Teacher  4:46  
Student, right now it's not the time to be drawing. Can you stop drawing and repeat number three for me?

TeachSIM Staff  4:52  
Yes. So you were able to give me that specific direction. And you told me that it was not good time, you invited me back in. The one thing that we would maybe want to be really conscious of, this was kind of hard, is not to ask it as a question, because you said, can you put the drawing away? We would just want to put the drawing away, right? Because if we give it, the option, that it might be okay to keep it out. Sometimes students might take that option. So we'll just want to make sure in this next round that we give a specific redirection to students. And that specific redirections includes giving their name and naming the behavior that we want them to stop. Okay? All right. Well, thank you also for your patience and hanging on after I got kicked off. And I'm going to turn Off mic and mute me.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
