Coach  0:01  
Alright, _____ how did you think that was?

Participant 0:05  
Not as great.

Coach 0:08  
What about it? What about it was not as great to you, I think.

Participant  0:13  
I don't think I was like, as prepared as for, like the disruptions, I guess. 

Coach 0:15
So definitely might have caught caught a little off guard. So I noticed that you you didn't always respond to the behaviors very as quickly. Sometimes you kind of waited more than others. But when it came time for you to direct redirect the students, a lot of times you were really specific. So one time you said, like, I need you to when Ethan was whistling, you said, I need you to stop so that we can discuss classroom norms. So that was good, because you told him specifically that he needs to stop, we could build upon that to say like, I need you to stop naming the action. So I need you to stop whistling just to be even as clear and specific as possible. But that kind of verbiage that you use, there's like I need you to stop so that we can discuss classroom norms is really appropriate, we would just kind of want to insert the idea of the whistling there. But I think what I would suggest that we work on as quick for this next round, and in your future classrooms would be to identify once the behavior begins to try to stop the behavior in a really timely way. And immediately, we saw that Ethan kind of just goes on and on. Right? He just singing. And so some students, they might not recognize that they're being disrespectful or defiant or disruptive or anything like that. And so they need that direction quickly so that we can all resume learning. So what I would like for you to do so I can show you what that interruption looks like, but can still be respectful and not rude to students is I would like for you to kind of, um, or make some noise and I'm going to model for you how I would quickly stop you. Okay, so can you just hum or sing or make some noise or something?

Coach  2:14  
________ right now, is not the time for whistling Stop whistling okay. But that way, like I just hopped right in there, right as I saw the behavior, and I used your name, and I told you to stop whistling or stop coming or whatever it is that you're doing. Okay, so I want you to try now for me, okay.

Coach 2:35  
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo. 

Participant 2:40
I need you to stop. Right now is the time to focus on what's being discussed. Right now is not the time to mess it around. 

Coach 2:51  
Okay, so you told me Jamie, and you say I need you to stop. Can you add what I need to stop doing in there? Can we try that one more time?

Coach  2:58  
Doo doo doo doo doo doo. 

Participant 3:00 
I need you to stop singing. Can you just stop humming Now's not the time to be doing that. 

Coach 3:10
Okay, excellent. So you use my name. And you told me you need me to stop making the noise singing whatever I was doing, right. So you've named what you want me to stop. Because I could think of when we want to be specific name that action because I can think that you want me to stop, you know, rockin or tapping my feet too, but doing the whole thing we would want to name. So now we're going to try with a couple other different behaviors. I'm a student and I have pulled out a book to read. So when I pick up my book and start reading, what should you say to me?

Participant  3:44  
Right now, it's not the time for you to be reading the book. Right now we're discussing and going over our class norms. Please put it away. 

Coach 3:50
Yep. And you could you can say just like that. And you can even kind of just say, you know, Jamie, put the book away. And then just leave it simply at that, right? And then you could say, could you share a classroom norm? Or could you repeat one, but that way, we're able to bring the students back in. So in this next round, I want us to think about right when the behaviors begin, we quickly give them that redirection. So that they are and we named it specifically what we want them to stop doing. Okay. And so we've got time for about one more practice. So we'll go back to that. And I'll be a student. So tomorrow is my birthday. And I think that I want my mom to make cupcakes.

Coach  4:50  
So we could just say like, Jamie, stop talking about your birthday. We're now going to have a conversation about classroom norms. Okay, but giving that quick redirection using both the students name and the action of what we want to stop doing but noticing that we're doing that immediately okay all right so we've got this classroom simulation or you're going to be developing norms one more time

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
