TeachSIM  0:00  
Okay, so tell me how you're feeling about it.

Teacher  0:03  
I feel a little stressed, because I know sometimes there's the students that don't respect the teacher and are doing whatever they like to. So, sometimes I don't know what to say. And I think what I need to say for them is to repect them.

TeachSIM  0:34  
Yeah, I mean, it's very stressful, and you're not alone in feeling that it's stressful. It was stressful for me my whole first year of teaching, because I didn't get to do like a university program, I was teaching full time while I was studying, so it was very stressful. So, that's completely normal to feel stressed about it. So, that's one of the reasons that we do these practices so that when you go into the real classroom, you've had some practice, and it's less stressful. So let's talk about what you can do to sort of have that classroom feel calm and everyone doing what you need to do. So, the first thing that I want to tell you is to like reinforce that you did. You did a really great job with the first step, which is the first step is to even know what you want your classroom to look like and be aware when a student is not meeting that expectation. And it was clear that you noticed that you weren't getting where you wanted to go with the classroom and that's really important. Because, sometimes, teachers when they first start, they're so focused on what they want to say that they don't even notice what students are doing. And if you don't notice what students are doing, then you can't help correct the behaviors when they're not what you expect. So that's really good. And I want you to feel really good about that, because that's a really important first step. The second step, though, which I want you to work on for the next simulation is what you say to students when you notice that they're doing something that is not appropriate behavior. So in your reflection, you were talking about it as like, you know, some students are not respectful. But I'm gonna encourage you not to think about it as respect because we don't know why that student was making all that noise. It could be that they don't respect you, it could just be that they don't really know how you want them to act. And I think because every time that they were misbehaving, you were asking like, "tell me about a norm". But you never told them that what they were doing wasn't the right thing. So they could have just been confused. And when we think of student behavior as being about respect, then we get stressed and frustrated and our emotions start taking over. But when we step back and say, "wait a minute, like this student may or may not know, like, I don't know why the student is misbehaving", then it helps us stay a little bit calmer, too, because we're not taking it personally as the student being disrespectful. Does that make sense? Okay, so that's like a big picture thing. And then what you can say, though, is I want you to just focus on, when you see something that a student or hear something that a student is doing, that is interrupting or is off task, is to just tell them to stop doing that. So when Ethan was singing at the beginning, he was like, "I'm singing, I sawvideo games", what could you tell him?

Teacher  3:36  
Can you stop singing?

TeachSIM  3:40  
Yes, except I'm gonna make one small change to that. Instead of making it a question. You want to make it a statement. So, "Ethan, please stop singing". And the reason is because students, young students, might be confused if it's a question that they can just say no. And older students might understand and be like, well, I could, but I don't want to. So we always want to, to be really clear, we want to just say, please stop singing or whatever it is the students doing. That make sense?Okay. So, we're gonna give you a chance to practice for a second before you do the simulation. So, I'm going to pretend to be a student that's off task and I want you to tell me what you want me to stop. 

Teacher  4:34  
Can you purchase stop doing that?

TeachSIM  4:43  
Can I? So it's hard. We always, as adults,always use questions because it's polite. So it takes practice to shift to using a statement and that's exactly what you're gonna have a chance to practice this next time around. So it's okay if you don't get it right. The last thing I want to say though, is you always want to tell me exactly what you want me to stop, not stop that. But stop humming or singing or talking or whatever thing you see. Because again, I could be confused. Like, I might not know what you're asking about if you just say that or it.

Teacher  5:24  
Okay.

TeachSIM  5:25  
So, you're going to have a chance to do the same thing again from the beginning. Remember, nobody's judging you or evaluating you. It's just a chance to try out some of what we talked about in the coaching session.

