Participant  0:00  
Cuz I know it's my first time. But just doing it like actually like interacting even with these bots students, it's a little challenging. But I am glad that I had the experience so I can learn from my mistakes, and do a little bit better next time.

Coach 0:22  
So let's actually make that next time a little sooner. So what I want to say that you do really well is if your tone looks students whose employee is very caring, very nurturing. And I can tell that you really want them to understand where you're coming from, and where you're going. The only thing I just want to throw out there, like, none of these behaviors are like so strong that you need to call a principal. Okay, so just just know that like, nothing that's happening in these scenarios is so egregious, that our principal needs. What I want us to work on today, though, is in very specific care about what your expectations are, and moving on, because you do a lot of talking when you're meeting with them. So you actually, like, have a hard time getting into like, the meat of the lesson, because much time like speaking to, towards the direction, and I'm gonna read a bit to you needed to and then I'm gonna model what I would do.mSo Ethan was playing video games, for making video games sounds. Ethan, remember that we should be respectful Teachers speaking. So by that, I mean, let's be quiet and respectful. It's, I just prefer that you listen to me. And what I am trying what I'm about to share. What I would say in response, or as a model for this would be them. Ethan, stop making video game sounds. And stop right there. Okay, so I actually would spend less time talking about the redirection and more time talking about the lesson. So how does that land for you? Does that make sense? The shift of me?

Participant 2:43  
Yes, ma'am. It does.

Coach  2:46  
What is the difference between the two?

Participant 2:52  
You are more direct, but you get to the point. I was more persistent. And like you said I was wasting more time just trying to. I was focusing more on doing and how I was asking the questions. They weren't as... I wasn't really saying or explaining the actual lesson or what I was trying to implement to them.

Coach 3:27  
Yeah, so now what I'm going to do is I'm going to show some behaviors. And I want you to look at the behavior and try to use the same sentence frame or something similar like just shortening what you're about to say. To be directly behaviors, I want you to redirect these behaviors in as few words as possible. Okay, now I'm going to be Ethan. Hey, Dev catch!

Participant  4:00  
so you're okay. You think can we be respectful and listen to what I'm saying?

Coach 4:08  
You can tell me to put the ball down.

Participant 4:12  
Okay, okay, sorry. It's because

Coach  4:14  
I can still be respectful and I can still listen to you and I can still play catch with them.

Participant 4:22  
Okay, it's because the audio cut like it's it gets off so I don't I don't know if it's from my side.

Coach 4:30  
No worries. I'm not I'll do it again. Okay.

Coach 4:34  
Hey, Dev.

Participant  4:40  
Even we are not playing in the classroom. We are listening to what the teacher is saying. So can you please put the ball down and listen to what I'm saying?

Coach  4:51  
So a lot of words, dear. So what I would say that is Ethan. Please put the ball down.

Participant   4:59  
Oh, Okay, yeah, cuz I feel like it just added

Coach 5:09  
I wonder if I can draw on your skin

Participant 5:19  
Ethan put the pencil down.

Coach 5:23  
Here you go. One more, I got a text message

Participant 5:35  
Ethan, put the phone down.

Coach  5:39  
So now I think you're ready to jump into the second simulation. So now we do it. I want to look at the behaviors and be very specific and short with what we're seeing what you're asking them to do so that you can move on to the next thing.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
