Coach  0:02  
How was that for you?

Participant  0:09  
That was, it was just okay.

Coach 0:12
Just okay?

Participant  0:18  
Um, yeah, I think just okay.

Coach 0:24  
So something that I enjoyed, when watching you is watching how calm and patient you are with students, that you did a great job with their tone and with their patients. So great job there. Something that I want to work on today is I want to work on getting really specific about what you want students to do. And notice that throughout the space, you really wanted them to reconnect and get really grounded with with the class rules. So you did a good job of like having them revisit the rules, right? What you didn't do, you didn't specifically tell anyone to stop a behavior. So I think after you have the review, the rural ones is a good time to transition to just like passing students to like pause their behavior, or stop their behavior. Okay, I practice with how to say that to students, and like what to say, with students? How can you specifically tell them to pause or stop a behavior?

Participant 1:42  
Like, you're asking me how, like I can ask them to stop.

Coach 1:50  
I'm going to model it for you. So in here, when he started listening, he said, Excuse me, Ben. So what was that first rule that I put in place, the rules have said is not to be talking about making noise when other people are speaking. Okay. And I want to get more specific. What I would do if Ethan was whistling as I would just say, even when Stop whistling or making proximity. Okay, now, we just really this specific around what I want you to stop doing, and then ask that. So now I'm going to be Ethan, and I'm going to show you some behaviors, we're going to look at the behaviors and you're going to redirect those between groups. If you're using the model that I shared, the thing please stop and then the behavior or doing it in another way that's short, specific and clear and straight to the point. Okay, okay. So how many of you either

Coach  3:04  
Catch 

Participant
Yes. Okay, I'm going to need you to stop throwing things across the room, okay.

Coach  3:22  
Need to stop throwing things across the room? I wonder if I can draw on your face on your skin. Let's see.

Participant  3:35  
I'm gonna need you to stop doing that. Okay. I need you to stop drawing on people's faces or.

Coach  3:45  
Alright, so, let's see, here. I got a text message.

Participant  3:57  
I need you to put your phone away, okay. No texting during class or electronics during class.

Coach 4:04  
Right. So good job, be very clear about the behavior that you weren't even to stop doing. Not just keep practicing making it shorter and more, more concise. Okay, so, we're gonna practice that in the next scenario, so let's jump into it now. Okay. So now we're gonna get an opportunity to start the next scenario and we're going to start from the beginning. Just before we started, I'm sorry. You have any questions before we get started?

Participant 4:42  
No, no questions. Okay.

Coach 4:46  
So let's jump into the second simulation. Have fun, and let's begin simulation

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
