Coach  0:02  
Alright, Veronica, how did you think that was? 

Participant 0:05
Not good

Coach 0:7
Well, I definitely noticed some areas where you did really well. You kind of responded to every behavior differently. And one that you did really, really well with was, when Ethan started whistling, that second behavior, you quickly identified that he was whistling. And you said, Ethan, please quiet. So you were super specific, because you wanted him to stop whistling, so you told him to shut up. And you also even use this symbol, so you kept a calm demeanor. And by being really specific, and keeping that calm demeanor, you also, were able to just give him a very quick direction, with just quiet and his name. And so you were able to spend them more time talking about the norm and less time with his behavior, taking it away. So in this next round, I want us to think about how we can like quickly and specifically named what we want him to do, every time he has a misbehavior, because that second one with Him whistling, you did that? Perfectly. It was like ideal. So we want to give that quick, specific redirection every other time. Okay. And so let's think about when he starts to sing like, he's like enemies, the where you said, Ethan, use your inside voice, please. Is the inside voice or the level of his voice? The problem there?

Participant  1:35  
Hmm, I think two levels of voice he's thinking inside voices whispering. When instead voice should be like, obviously, in your head, like you're thinking about it.

Coach  1:45  
Okay, so then that's kind of one thing, that's not super clear what that direction about like inside voice. So instead, we could just say, you know, instead of calling it an inside voice, because he might think of that as like a whisper voice or just not screaming? Like, that's how I would interpret that, too. So we could just be even more specific and just say, Ethan, right. And by just saying, Ethan, or Ethan, your voice is off. Those are more specific directions that tell him exactly what he should be doing or should not be doing. Okay. So what about though, when he is maybe someone with his voice off or on that's like, gosh, what if I'm a student and I pull out my book? Okay. You say to me, sorry, my books blurry because my Zoom background? What would you say to me so that I know that I should not have my book out reading 

Participant 2:40
Could you you close the book and put it down? 

Coach 2:45
Yeah, so I, so instead of asking it as a question, if we just take out that, could you and just say you know, Jamie, close the book and put it down. That is specific. And it is also pretty quick and succinct, by just telling me what to do. And then there are no questions, right? So what about if a student I'm going to be a student and I'm going to be talking to my neighbor, okay, I want you to quickly interject and tell me what I need to stop doing. Okay. All right. So I have my birthday party this weekend. And you think my mom should have Funfetti cupcakes or chocolate?

Participant 3:26  
Can you pay attention to me and put your eyes on me, please?

Coach  3:29  
I'm paying attention. I'm just also thinking about the kind of cupcakes I want to have. 

Participant 3:35
Yes, but you could talk about this later on. 

Coach 3:37
Okay. So in that one, um, you did stop me pretty quickly. But we want to interject as quickly as possible. And remember, we want to state things as a statement. And not a question. Right? Yeah. You said, Could you pay attention to me? And it would maybe be a little bit more specific to say, Jamie, stop talking about that right now. And I liked how you said like, you could talk about that later, right? And that way, we're letting the student know that just now was not the time for that. All right, what if I, why don't you be an interrupting student and I'll kind of model a perfect interruption or a perfect redirection for you. Okay. So you can start, like, come in or something. 

Participant 4:30
I could just be talking to someone over. 

Coach 4:32
Okay, Veronica, our voices are off now. And we're talking about classroom norms. Do you see how I like quickly called your name and told you that our voices are all right. And so, in this next round, I want us to think about how when students are having misbehaviors that we can quickly redirect their focus by giving them a very specific direction of what we want them to stop doing. Okay. And so that's it. The redirection is going to use their name and not ask a question, but name their behavior. Okay?

Participant  5:06  
So I would, okay.

Coach  5:09  
So just think about how you can get that specific redirection in this next round. Okay? I'll try. That's all we can. That's all we can ask for you try effort. Alright, so when the kids pop back up, you can begin simulation

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
