Coach  0:02  
Hey Jose, how did that feel? Oh? Yeah, I can definitely see that. Oh, it's definitely surprising to behaviors in the student just simulation. I just actually the note, one thing I will say is you were like, extremely calm through the whole thing. I have been to Joe extremely calm. And I think the thing to be patient with children remember that their kids were not going to work on today. I want to work on jumping in there getting more active about redirecting student behaviors. And what I mean by that is, I noticed that for many of these, like situations like Trump, Ethan was drumming, eating, whistling, Ethan was making Darth Vader noises. You really just ignored them and allow him to continue. What was that? What's underneath that?

Participant  1:22  
I guess I wasn't sure like how to properly like deal with that, because he kept like going and going.

Coach  1:31  
Okay. So what how I would redirect them is I would, calmly, politely if Ethan was whistling say, Ethan, please Stop whistling. We're working on classroom norms right now. Or Ethan was making video game sounds? If then please stop making video game sounds. We're working on classroom norms right now. That's how I would approach Why do you think that might make an impact? Or why is that significant?

Participant 2:15  
Is because you're like limiting his actions. So like you're preventing it from continuing for like that moment.

Coach 2:24  
Yeah. Unless sometimes it's important so that we can get to the learning. I think it's important that when you do things like that, you do it calmly, and you do it politely. So that not to offend students. So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to be thin, and I'm going to show some behaviors. And you are going to look at the behavior and calmly politely redirect me by doing those behaviors, okay? So you're going to look at the behaviors and say, Please stop and then when, and what I would have people do is give me questions about what we're doing. Hey Dev, catch

Participant 3:22  
Right now we're going over classroom norms. So, can you please stop throwing the ball? We're gonna go we're gonna continue with this conversation and see like, what other norms need to be placed in the to the classroom.

Coach  3:39  
Okay, remember, it doesn't have to it doesn't have to be so wordy. We're going over. Please stop throwing the ball is fine. Okay. Hey, Ava. I wonder I can draw on your skin.

Participant 4:01  
Hey Dev, there's no drawing.

Coach  4:05  
Okay. No drawing right now. Okay. I want to draw right now. We're not drawing right now. Drawing on Ava's skin is difference?

Participant  4:19  
No, that's still being considered the same thing.

Coach  4:25  
Alright, and one more. I got a text message.

Participant  4:31  
Ethan, we're not using our phones right now.

Coach  4:39  
So now we are going to practice redirecting behaviors again, but this time when we do it, we're going to do it in the second simulation. Do you have any questions before we dive into that next simulation?

Participant 5:00  
You should be good.

Coach 5:08  
So now let's start the second simulation from the beginning. And we're going to focus on redirecting behaviors and doing them timely tracks with more than just as much. Okay, so are we good? Good luck. Let's begin Simulation

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
