Coach  0:01  
All right, how did you feel that classroom norm simulation went? 

Participant 0:05
Oh, it is a little surprising. 

Coach 0:10
Um, one thing that I think you did well was it, you stayed really calm throughout the whole, despite some frustrating behaviors, you stayed really calm. And I also noticed that you, uh, most of the time you really identified the behavior quickly, I kind of saw it in your face, or you tried to address it and engage with students. So something Those are both two really important elements, both staying calm, and then also knowing the behaviors and wanting to address them. And so one way that we can address them is by giving really specific feedback to students, by really specifically naming the behavior that we want them to stop doing. Students don't always necessarily recognize that their behavior is disrespectful, or they might not be outwardly defiant about it. But we want to make sure that we name the behavior so that it is very clear to students what we want them to do or not do. Okay, so let's look at one of the behaviors in particular, when Ethan at the very end was impersonating Mario, right? You said, Ethan, if you have a question, we need to raise your hand. We don't want to interrupt, right? If you had raised his hand and then started doing Mario, would that have been okay?

Participant  1:26  
No. But I said, so he would like stop. But yes, I realized, oh, no, because then he's gonna be Oh, then I just gotta raise my hand. And I can say,

Coach  1:37  
Right. And so that's kind of one that we frequently say, like, oh, raise your hand, but it's not really the raising the hand that we have a problem with it. So we would want to give him a more specific redirection. So we could just say, like, Ethan, voice off. Instead, could you give me a classroom norm? Or instead, could you repeat a norm back to me, or like Ethan, stop making Mario noises, but we want to make sure that we specifically name what we want him to stop doing. And so that way, we're not taking any of the confusion away about what might be appropriate or what might not be appropriate. And we're being as clear as possible. So when, if Ethan begins with them, doo, doo, doo, doo doo doo doo? What could you say this time instead of? Raise your hand, if you have a question?

Participant 2:32  
If this is not the time for you to be playing your music, or this is not the time for interruptions. We need to you need to go no, I wouldn't say wait your turn, because he's gonna take it as Okay. Well,

Coach  2:48  
We could give an alternative time though. Like, you can make Mario noises at recess, but not during class. Right. Um, or like when Deb is talking about the movies? You know, you can discuss that at lunch, but not right now. But that way, we're still letting them know that this right now is not the time for any of those.

Participant  3:07  
I think I mentioned that when he was talking to Samantha it mentioned, you can do that during recess. Like you can use recess time to say whatever it is that you need to say to your classmates

Coach 3:20  
Exactly. So let's practice with a couple of different scenarios. So I'm going to be a student. So hey, tomorrow is my birthday. And I think my mom's gonna make cupcakes. And

Participant   3:33  
Jamie, may I have your attention, please? Oh, yeah. Yes, Jamie, I know you're excited about you're planning your party, your party party, but this is class time, and we need to use this time. So would you please save that, and maybe during recess, or maybe during lunch, you could talk to your friends about planning your party party in?

Coach  4:03  
So you use my name? And then you told me that this is the time for learning talk. And so you told me to save that conversation for later. So you told me exactly what I cannot do? And what about if I'm a student, and I pull out a book, and I start reading.

Participant 4:22  
Jamie, would you please put that book down?

Coach  4:26  
Yep. So you told me, Jamie. And then one thing we could even do a little bit to fix that is not asking you to enter a question and just say, Jamie, please put the book down. And that way, they don't have the opportunity to say like, No, I'm really into this chapter. And so in this next round, when we give those specific redirections, we just want to make sure we name for the havior that we want them to stop doing. put the book down, stop making noise. And that we want to make sure we assay it as a statement and not a question. Okay? Yes. All right. So you will do this simulation one more time and you will just pretend the last one didn't even happen right You may begin simulation

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
