Coach  0:00  
All right, Megan, how did you feel about that classroom norms us simulation?

Participant  0:05  
That was different. I mean, I've dealt with that a little bit in the observation hours with the little kids, but not to like this much extent, where like they're persistent about it.

Coach 0:17  
Right? And a five minute simulation, it's going to be one right after the other. And so one thing that I noticed that you did well was that I saw you really engaging with the students, you notice when they did something wrong, and you really worked towards trying to redirect them in the right way. And you tried to do it in a really like, respectful and calm tone most the time. And so I think that we can kind of even improve on that and build up from that. And with not just noticing it, but giving students a really specific redirection so that there's no uncertainty about what it is that they're supposed to do or not supposed to do. A lot of the times, your redirection said like, thank you for that example, or like, that's really great. And so a student could hear that and think that you're not redirecting them, but like, praising them for singing out or praising them for dropping okay. And so we can still think of a way that's still like, respectful, but that redirects them and still makes them feel welcome in the classroom. Okay. Yeah,

Participant   1:18  
um, that's like another like thing that I was confused about, because like in our classrooms, like, you don't want to always be like, harsh on the kids. So like, finding that fine line of like, what to say is difficult,

Coach 1:29  
right? And so one way to do it is just to be like, really specific and even just short. So for example, when Ethan is drumming, and you're like, I see that's an interest of yours, that's good. But maybe you can do that in music class, we could simply say, like, Ethan, this is not the time to drum. Instead, could you give me a classroom norm to share? Or like Ethan, we can't jump in class time, you can show me that at recess. Okay. But that way, you can give him a specific redirection of like, that's not acceptable right now, but still let him know that he's involved in the classroom conversation or that you might want to hear about it later. Do you see the difference between the two? And just saying like, I see that's an interest of yours, versus like, stop drumming right now. Even instead, could you repeat back a norm to me? And so let's think about how we might change one of our like, when Dev is talking about the superheroes, right? We feel a little awkward interrupting him. Okay. So I want us to like kind of try in the reverse. So can you be can you be Dev kind of talking and I'll model to you how I would politely interrupt you.

Participant 2:47  
Oh, yeah. Oh, like you have a close. Hey,

Coach 2:51  
Meg, again. Megan, now's not the time to have a side conversation instead. Could you give me a classroom norm? Okay. So that way, I like quickly just told him that his conversations not acceptable. But I still wanted him to be a member of our classroom. Okay. Okay. All right. So now I want you to try to me, okay. All right. So I've got my friend next to me. So tomorrow is my birthday. 

Participant  3:19  
We are talking about classroom norms right now. Um, so can you tell me one?

Coach 3:23  
Okay, so you did loot me back into the conversation, but you still gotta let me know that I can't have this other conversation. Okay. So you said like, we're talking about classroom norms? Would you give me one that tells me what you would like for me to do, but we still need to name that I shouldn't be having this other conversation. Okay.

Participant   3:41  
So I would add to that, like, you can talk about that later after class or like how you said, like at recess.

Coach  3:47  
So you could do that? Or you can even just say like, Jamie, we're not talking to our neighbors right now. Instead, could you are talking about classroom norms? Could you share with me a norm? Do you see that? Yeah. So let's try again. I am reading about what could you say to me, so I am sorry, I'm Xavier.

Participant   4:24  
Oh, Jamie. We're not reading books. Right now in class. We're having a class discussion about classroom norms. Can you tell me one?

Coach 4:31  
Yep. So you told me what we're not supposed to be doing. And now I can participate in the conversation. And so, in this next round, what I want you to do is I want you think about how you can like specifically tell students what you want them to stop doing. And then you can always just pull them back into the conversation so that they know that it's not something harsh or something really against them. You still want them to be involved, but we just want them to stop whatever the behavior is that they're doing. That's not good. correct one. Okay. Does that make sense? Yes. Okay, great. Well, I'm excited to see you in. Turn my time off. I'm gonna go to my camera off and you'll do this classroom simulation again. Okay? Okay. All right. You may begin simulation

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
