Coach  0:00  
Okay. All right. How did you feel about that classroom norm simulation? 

Participant  0:05  
I don't know. That's hard.  

Coach  0:08  
I definitely noticed. Sometimes you were able to quickly and specifically redirect the behavior of for example, when Ethan started whistling, you gave him a really specific redirection saying, okay, not right, now it's time to practice listening. So you told him specifically to stop the whistling and then gave them the alternative of what he should be doing instead. And but you didn't always direct as quickly and specifically that time. So I think that's something that we can work forward or toward on this next round of simulation. And then just to keep in mind, we want to make sure that we address behaviors as quickly as possible, because we want to make sure that it's not taking any of the students attention away from learning or what is going on. So like Ethan had his Darth Vader impression, right? He was going. And you were trying to pull him back in by asking him what happens when people throw trash on the floor, and we don't want an ugly classroom. And you were asking him for the first rule. And so we could have instead of asking him what happens when we throw trash and everything, we could have just given him that specific redirection, right? When he started making that noise, to say, Ethan, stop making noises. Instead, why is it important to have a classroom that's clean? Right, we could still pull him into the conversation the way you had, but we want to make sure we give that specific redirection first. So what might you say in. I'm going to be a student and I am going to start talking about something off task I want you to to provide me with a specific redirection as soon as my behavior starts. Okay. So, my birthday is tomorrow, and I think my mom's gonna make cupcakes, but I don't really know if I want chocolate. 

Participant  2:04  
Are you listening to me right no?

Coach  2:05  
So you've addressed me quickly, which is great. You didn't let me go on and on and on, which sometimes we have to interrupt, because they'll go on and on and on and on. So you did address me by name, which is the first part of a specific redirection. We want to make sure rather than asking a question, like, are you listening, we want to make sure we just give them the specific direction like student, stop talking about your birthday, right? And then I can't provide like a yeah, I'm multitasking. I'm paying attention. But I'm also thinking about my birthday, right. And so we just want to give a specific direction that's in the form of a statement and not a question. So let's try that one more time. All right. So my birthday is tomorrow, and I think I'm gonna have vanilla cupcakes, but I know some people like chocolate. 

Participant  2:19  
Can you stop talking? 

Coach  2:39  
So you still said, but you said can you stop talking right? And that's still a question. So we just want to say like, stop talking.

Participant  3:07  
Okay. 

Coach  3:08  
And then you can still pull me back in in a way that makes me still feel welcomed in the class. But so let's, we're gonna try another one. I'm pulled out a book to read. What should you say to me?

Participant  3:27  
Put the book away, please. 

Coach  3:29  
Excellent. You didn't phrase it as a question this time, which is great. You use my name. And then you told me to just put my book away. It was simple. It was quick. And it was specific, so I knew exactly what I was supposed to do. So let's try another one. Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo, doo doo.

Participant  3:55  
Listen. I don't know what to say. Stop talking. Is that talking? 

Coach  4:02  
Noise humming, singing, 

Participant  4:04  
Stop making noises, right? 

Coach  4:07  
I wonder sometimes, too, with some of these behaviors. I'm like, what is that exactly? Student stop making noises. One thing that we could have done was to have said it a little bit sooner to make sure that it's still really timely. But that was a good specific direction to just stop talking, noises, whatever I was doing. So in this next round of the simulation and something to keep in mind for the future is that when we have students with some off task and disruptive potentially behaviors, we want to make sure that we give them a really timely so quickly and that we also give them a very specific direction naming what we want them to stop doing. Do you have any questions for me? 

Participant  4:48  
None

Coach  4:48  
Awesome. So you will do this classroom norm simulation one more time. Just starting right over from where we started with the last one. All right.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
