Coach  0:00  
Alright, ____ , how did you feel about that classroom simulation? 

Participant 0:04
I'm sorry, I was pretty nervous. 

Coach 0:07
No, no need to apologize. I couldn't tell it you were super nervous or anything like that. I didn't notice that. You one thing that was good that you did was when the noises started, I could see in your face that you really recognize the Miss behaviors. And you attempted to address them dead on by, you know, asking Ethan a question. So it's important to recognize it. And in this second round, I want us to work on how we can quickly and specifically address those Miss behaviors so that we can spend more time focusing on setting classroom norms or whatever the learning might be in a lesson. We want to adjust things quickly. And as as immediately as they start so that it's less distraction and less time taken away from learning. Okay, in a couple of Ethan's behaviors, or at the end with like impersonations, you waited a little more than five seconds or so to address the behavior, but we want to make sure that we address the behaviors as quickly as possible. Okay, so I'm going to, we're going to kind of reverse this, I want you to pretend to be a student, and I will model how you can super quickly address the behavior. Okay. So I would like for you to hum or sing, or make some sort of noise.

Participant 1:36
Hmmmmm

Coach 1:38  
Yes, stop making noise. But that way, I just say your name, and I give you that specific direction to stop making the noise. Okay. Notice, I didn't ask you to stop making the noise. You asked a lot of time, but we want to make sure that we tell them to stop so that there's no confusion of whether or not they have a choice. There's lots of opportunities when we want to give choice, but behaving isn't one of them. So now I want you to practice on me. Okay.

Coach  2:09  
La la la la la la la la la.

Participant  2:12  
Can you stop the noise? 

Coach 2:15
Think about what you just said?

Participant 2:17  
I gave an option. Yeah. 

Coach 2:19
Try one more time. La la la.

Participant  2:23
Stop the noise. 

Coach 2:24  
Excellent. So you use the name. And then you told me to stop the noise. So that was excellent. It was really you did it within like two seconds of me starting, which is great. And then you gave me a specific direction. So let's try another one. So my birthday is tomorrow. And I think that I want my mom to make

Participant 2:43
Stop talking.

Unknown Speaker  2:44  
Great. So you told me quickly, and then you told me to stop interrupting. So it was pretty clear what it was that we didn't want to me to do.
And let's try another one. I'm going to be a student this time picking up a book to read during class and this is not reading time.

Participant 3:08  
Jasmine, Jasmine, sorry, Jamie. 

Coach 3:10
That's okay. That's okay. Jasmine is one of the students so it works.

Participant  3:15  
Jamie, this is not reading time, put it away. 

Coach 3:18
Yep. So Jamie put it away can even be even more specific. But now's not the time to reading is okay, too. And so in this next round, when we're working, I just want us to make sure that we think about how we can quickly address the behavior kind of as soon as we recognize it. And then we also just give a really specific direction, using the students name and giving them the direction to stop whatever they might be doing. Right. And we want to avoid questions when we can. Do you have any questions for me? 

Participant 4:20
No. 

Coach 4:21
Okay, so in this in this next round, it's going to be the same thing. It'll be five minutes again, and you will be working to develop two to three classroom norms with the same group of students. And it's just another shot at it. But um, like the last one didn't happen. Okay.
All right. So, let me stop my timer. And when the students come back on the screen, you can go ahead and begin simulation

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
