Coach  0:03  
Hey, Teacher.

Teacher  0:03  
That was so unexpected! *Laughing* It's so random! Oh my God. 

Coach  0:16  
*Laughing* So how was that for you? 

Teacher  0:19  
That was like, kind of overwhelming, and it's just so random. Like, it's just like, okay.

Coach  0:26  
Yeah. Yeah, I felt that. I felt that the entire time. So... 

Teacher  0:36  
Okay.

Coach  0:37  
In the real classroom setting, I do appreciate you using 123-eyes on me, because that is a whole class recall. It's supposed to get their attention. So I thought you did- Like if this was a real classroom setting, that would be positive. That would be like, cool, you're trying to get your classroom's attention and you're trying to get them to center back on to learning. 

Teacher  1:06  
Mhm.

Coach  1:06  
What I wanted to work on today is actually, like, how timely you are. And that means like, jumping in when it starts and not allowing it to fester, so that you can actually get back to learning ASAP. Okay?

Teacher  1:32  
Uh-huh.

Coach  1:33  
Notice that you were... You were like, waiting and allowing the talking to go. Right? What was that about? What was your intention there?

Teacher  1:50  
Um, like- I'm sorry?

Coach  1:52  
In letting the students talk. 

Teacher  1:54  
One of the reasons is just to get to know them a little bit more. Kind of like, get- Like, build like a genuine connection to see what they need to work on, all their strengths, their weaknesses. 

Coach  2:14  
Yeah?

Teacher  2:15  
So, I could identify the Ethan was, uh... Gets very distracted. So, yeah.

Coach  2:28  
Just to go back to the purpose of this scenario, remember this scenario is to like, jump right in and talk about and to get collective student ideas -- having students generate ideas for classroom norms. *Audio cuts out* managed to do so. So, make sure that you jump right in and start the discussion about classroom norms. The other thing I want to just help you with during this time is to start thinking about, like, what to say when we jump right in.

Teacher  3:08  
Okay. And classroom norms are like rules, right?

Coach  3:12  
Come again?

Teacher  3:19  
Classroom norms is just basically talking about rules, right?

Coach  3:19  
Yes. Yes, classroom norms, classroom rules *inaudible* the same token. But you know that there's going to be behaviors in the simulation. So now we're going to address those behaviors when they come up so you can refocus back on classroom norms.

Teacher  3:39  
Mhm.

Coach  3:42  
 So I want to model that for you. 

Teacher  3:46  
Okay.

Coach  3:46  
So, Ethan is talking about video games. What I'm gonna say to Ethan is, "Ethan, please stop talking about videogames. We're working on classrooms norms right now." 

Teacher  4:02  
Okay.

Coach  4:03  
I'm just going to politely and calmly tell him, Ethan, please stop talking about classroom norms. Or, please stop talking about video games. Okay, let's practice that. So, I am going to be Ethan and you're going to look at the behavior and tell me to please stop whatever the behavior is. 

Teacher  4:26  
Okay.

Coach  4:26  
Okay?

Teacher  4:26  
Okay.

Coach  4:33  
Alright, let's start.  Hey, Dev. Catch!

Teacher  4:41  
What? Okay, you're gonna be Ethan, right? Okay.

Coach  4:46  
Hey, Dev. Catch!

Teacher  4:55  
Hold on. It's freezing. 

Coach  5:00  
Okay, the screen's freezing?

Teacher  5:09  
Okay, so what was the scenario again? What were we talking about?

Coach  5:15  
So you are going to look- I'm going to be Ethan and you're going to look at the behaviors that I'm posing and tell me and model for me how you would tell me to stop that behavior and stop doing what I'm doing. 

Teacher  5:30  
Okay. 

Coach  5:33  
Okay, I'm going to try it again. Hey, Dev. Catch!

Teacher  5:44  
Hey, Ethan. Right now is not time to play ball. You can play it on your own time. Right now, we need to focus on a lesson and it's about getting to know the classroom norms... Or, something like that. I forgot. I stuttered.

Coach  5:55  
Okay, we're gonna do another one, and I want you to use less words this time. I want you to use less words. Hey, Ava. I wonder if I can write on your hand. Hey, Ava. I wonder if I can write on your hand.

Teacher  6:17  
Hm.... 

Coach  6:27  
I'm gonna model it for you. Ethan, please stop writing on Ava's hand.

Teacher  6:29  
Okay.

Coach  6:35  
Okay? So our time is up, and I want to send you back into the simulations. I want you to remember to really, as fast as possible, jump in when the simulation starts and try to, like... the model that I gave you is, Ava- er, Ethan, please stop, and then the behavior. Ethan, please stop and then the behavior. That's the model that I gave you. That's not the only way to redirect someone, but it's one. 

Teacher  7:12  
Okay.

Coach  7:12  
So jump right in, redirect the behavior....

Teacher  7:15  
Okay.

Coach  7:20  
...and stay calm. 

Teacher  7:21  
Okay.

Coach  7:22  
Have fun. Alright. So let's jump back into the simulation. We're going to start from the beginning again. Remember to just start and dive right in with the classroom norms for discussion. So, have fun, good luck, And let's begin simulation

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
