TeachSIM Staff  0:02  
All right. How did you feel about that, besides being hard? 

Teacher  0:09  
Um, I felt like they weren't listening to me.

TeachSIM Staff  0:14  
Yes. So I, one thing that I think you did well is that you try to adjust the behavior, sometimes you might want to ignore it or something like that. But I saw you immediately noticing the behavior and engaging with the student who was having that behavior. So that is the first step to this. So that's great that you were able to notice it right away and do your best, address it. So in this coaching round, what I'm going to give you do, is I'm going to give you a tool for how to address some of those off task behaviors. And one of those tools is just to give a really specific redirection to a student. Sometimes, students like Ethan in the simulation, are paying attention, they are able to elicit, but they don't necessarily grasp that what they're doing might be preventing others from what's from following the directions or listening, right? And so if we, at one of their behaviors, when Ethan was like doing his Star Wars like Darth Vader sounds, and you asked him like Ethan, are you making all of those noises? And you said, like, right now we're going over the rules? Are you paying attention? And he said, Yes. And you were like, okay, can you repeat the first rule? And he was able to repeat the first rule, right? And then you ask somebody else, and then he was like, oh, you can't hear, you know, all these things. So that was kind of a chunk of time where you could have been talking about norms. But unfortunately, Ethan was just continuing to take over the conversation, right? So instead of asking them questions, are you paying attention? Or are you making those noises? Right? You might, aren't, you already know the answers to those questions, right? Like, you already know that Ethan's making the noise or, you might know, you know, that he might be able to drum and still listen, okay? So we just want to give him a specific redirection and just say, Ethan, stop making that noise or Ethan, our voices are off. Right now, we're only talking about classroom norms. But that way, we can just give a specific redirection that tells him that what he's doing is not acceptable. Do you see the difference between kind of asking him a series of questions and then just telling him to stop? Right? 

Teacher  2:42  
Yeah. Because by asking, like you're taking a waste, you're spending wasted time on that. Doesn't need to be all that time.

TeachSIM Staff  2:50  
Exactly. Right? And if this was like a math lesson, or a reading lesson or something, it might be taking so much of our instructional time that we're not able to get to the actual point of the lesson, right? So in another one. In the first one, when he is starting to make the Mario noise, you're like Ethan, are you thinking? Do you think that you can do it quieter? If other people are thinking? So what could you have just said to him when he started going, doo doo doo, doo, doo doo doo, doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo. What could you have said to him? Instead of asking him those questions. 

Teacher  3:26
Stop making noise. Ethan. 

TeachSIM Staff  3:28
Exactly. As simple as that, stop making noise, Ethan, right? And giving that specific redirection. It's not necessarily the, the magic word that always makes it stop. But it at least makes it very clear what you're expecting of the student so that they understand what they are supposed to be doing and not supposed to be doing. And in a lot of situations, that clarity can help a lot with a student. So let's practice. This time, I'm a student. And I have a book, and I pull out a book and I started reading. What could you say to me? 

Teacher  4:08
Um, TeachSIM Staff, we're not, it's not reading time right now. We're going over the classroom rules. So can you put the book away? 

TeachSIM Staff  4:15
Yeah. So you told me that it's not reading time, we're going over classroom rules. And then the one little thing to maybe change with instead of saying, can you put the book away, you could just say, put the book away instead of asking as a question. What about if I start talking to my neighbor, birthdays tomorrow, should I have my mommy Funfetti cupcakes, or chocolate cupcakes? I don't know. What do you think we should do? TeachSIM Staff, that conversation is not, that conversation is not relevant to what we're talking about right now, so let's keep our mouths quiet. Okay? 

Teacher  4:53
Okay. 

TeachSIM Staff  4:44
So, excellent. You really went from kind of like a back and forth conversation asking questions to just giving that specific redirection. So in this next round I want that to be, what you try to work on is giving that specific redirection to students. Okay? 

Teacher  5:08
Okay. 

TeachSIM Staff  5:09
Awesome. Thank you and we'll start over just with the same, same our classroom simulation. Okay? 

Teacher  5:16
Okay, thank you.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
