TeachSIM Staff  0:01  
All right, so yeah. How did you feel about that simulation? Teacher?

Teacher  0:05  
So personally, I'm a teacher aide. So I teach by girls. That is kind of what I deal with every day. But I guess it's harder. I don't know. Because five year olds Listen, they're smaller, they listen to you, when you tell them something, they're like, ah, but this kid did not listen, I was losing my patience just a little bit.

TeachSIM Staff  0:27  
Yes. So um, you, you were able to like mostly stay pretty calm. It's definitely frustrating, especially when you, you immediately responded to the behaviors, which was great. And you definitely tried to maintain a respectful tone with Ethan by telling him to stop over and over again. And I think where we can improve is by trying to make it a little bit more specific. For Ethan. Sometimes we have students who aren't picking up that they're being disrespectful or that they're being disruptive. And so we can use even more specific terms for some students, when they're not understanding when they don't necessarily catch on to the fact that they're being disruptive and disrespectful. And so when we are really specific, we want to name the student. And we want to make sure we name the behavior that we want them to stop with as specifically as possible. So if we think in the beginning, when he started making those noises, you were saying, like, make sure that you stay respectful and you're not being respectful, you're being disruptive. How can we name what we want him to stop doing? Um, just really specifically, when he was going pew pew pew.

Teacher  1:37  
I guess like, um, like, stop the inappropriate, like, play guns, maybe?

TeachSIM Staff  1:46  
Yeah, or we can even say like, you know, stop, stop the play guns or stop the stop the play noises. But whatever we're doing, we just want to name that specific redirection so that we can say, just like Ethan, stop making the play gun noises or Ethan, stop making the noises.

Teacher  2:02  
I should have known that because like, literally five year olds do that all day. They literally do that. And I'm like, okay, stop the inappropriate play guns. Those aren't for school, those are for home, if you want to do it there, not for school. Just think of it, I guess.

TeachSIM Staff  2:15  
Right. And sometimes we as adults think that when we're saying like, this isn't an appropriate time for that, or let's be respectful, or let's not be disruptive. We, we understand the little side cues. But sometimes our students don't necessarily pick up on those things. And they need to be told more directly. So if we look back on another behavior, when like, Dev is talking about superheroes with the student next to him, right? And he's like, Oh, do you like Marvel or DC? What could you say? They're like, Dev.

Teacher  2:47  
Dev, unfortunately, right now is not the time to be talking about superheroes. Maybe you can talk about it during recess or your lunchtime.

TeachSIM Staff  2:53  
Yeah. So you said, you know, Dev, now is not the time to talk about that. And you even gave him another time where he can talk about that. So that's great. So let's do a couple of scenarios that aren't in the simulation. What if I'm a student and I pull out a book and I start reading?

Teacher  3:14  
If it was like during an instruction time, I would say, I guess, for example, student, I think right now is currently not the time for you to go ahead and engage in reading a book, we are currently in the middle of instruction, if you can, please put it away. When it's reading time, silent reading, you can go ahead and pull out your book and continue to read.

TeachSIM Staff  3:31  
Yep, so you, you first use my name, and then you told me to put it away. You said like it's not the time to be reading and you told one thing to try to avoid is to ask a question about it. You told me and then you asked me like, can we please put it away. And we just want to tell students to put it away because we don't want to give them a choice when it's an inappropriate behavior. We don't want to give them the option to say no or the option to think it's a,

Teacher  3:59  
Just be assertive.

TeachSIM Staff  4:01  
Yes, to be just assertive. So what about if I am another student, and I start talking to my friends. So tomorrow is my birthday. And I think my mom's gonna make cupcakes.

Teacher  4:12  
Alright, student, we need to go ahead and stop the side conversation. This is class time instruction that can go ahead and continue in another time during your lunch or recess, right now is not the time. Let's focus on the task.

TeachSIM Staff  4:23  
Yep. And I would even say that you can even shrunk that to be even more succinct and just said like, student, now is not the time for side conversations. Stop that. Right? And that is even just shrinking it. And then you can pivot back to your conversation, right? About classroom norms. So in this next round, when we have these inappropriate behaviors, we want to give students specific redirections that use their name and tell them exactly what they need to do to stop doing. So you know, Ethan, stop making noises or student, put your book away. Okay?

Teacher  4:59
Okay. 

TeachSIM Staff  5:01
All right, so we've got one more round of that and it will be classroom norms again.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
