TeachSIM Staff  0:00  
How did that feel?

Teacher  0:04  
It was good. I think I, it was okay.

TeachSIM Staff  0:08  
You've definitely got to have a conversation about classroom norms. That is definitely good. 

Teacher  0:15  
Yeah. 

TeachSIM Staff  0:17  
And I wanted to just compliment you started off by, you did a really good job getting through that. Your tone with students was great. Your reactions were solid. Great job there. What I want to work on is how to make your redirections more specific. Here in the simulation, you. Ethan was playing video games or doing video game impersonations, whatever that was. And you said Ethan, could you be, could you please be quiet? We are about to start class. Oftentimes, when teachers use be quiet what they actually mean is silence. When we tell students to be quiet, we're not actually telling them to stop the behavior, we're just actually telling them to lower their volume. So we want to work on like, being more specific. How I would *inaudible* this is, Ethan please stop playing or please stop making video games sounds. So I would use please stop. 

Teacher  1:47  
Yeah.

TeachSIM Staff  1:48  
You think that that makes a difference?

Teacher  1:53  
Yes, it does, because you're letting him know that he needs to stop doing those sounds. Those video sounds and focus in class.

TeachSIM Staff  2:05  
Absolutely. Absolutely. So, what I'm gonna do next, is I'm going to display some behaviors, you're going to look at the behaviors, and you're going to with specific language, tell me to stop those behaviors. So I'm going to be Ethan.

Teacher  2:30  
Okay. Ethan. Can you please listen to the teacher? Can you please stop making video sounds and focus to class or listen to the teacher?

TeachSIM Staff  2:46  
Let me do the behavior one more time. I don't know if you caught it. So I'm going to do a behavior. You're going to look at the behavior. Tell me please stop. Or tell me redirect stop behavior. Hey, Dev, catch.

Teacher  3:04  
Ethan, can you please stop playing around with the ball put the ball down or stop playing around with Ethan. 

TeachSIM Staff  3:15  
It's hard isn't it. 

Teacher  3:16  
Sorry I get confused.

TeachSIM Staff  3:16  
So I would say Ethan put the ball down or Ethan please stop playing with the ball. Okay. Hey Ava I wonder if I can write on your skin.

Teacher  3:42  
I'm sorry, is that Ethan or Dev?

TeachSIM Staff  3:44  
Ethan. 

Teacher  3:46  
Okay, okay. Ethan. Put, put your pen down or marker. And don't be doing that to Dev. That's not nice.

TeachSIM Staff  4:01  
Okay. All right. You can put the pen down, solid. Now let's try one more. And let's try this one shorter with less words. Oh, I have a text message.

Teacher  4:20  
Ethan put away your phone. Can you please put away your phone?

Unknown Speaker  4:26  
Alright put away your phone. Ethan can you please put away your phone for okay. So great job. This time when you jump back into the simulation, we are going to *inaudible* not using the word be quiet because that's not specific enough. But actually looking at the behavior and possibly using the please stop as a frame. That's not the way to redirect. Just so you know. Now you're going to jump back into the simulation. Do you have any questions before we do that?

Teacher  5:08  
No.

TeachSIM Staff  5:10  
No, okay. Have fun. Good luck.

