Coach  0:00  
Okay. All right. How did you think that went? 

Participant  0:05  
Oh, my gosh, so much better because I had a list of things to say.

Participant  0:11  
I was like, Oh my gosh, like, it's, it's crazy. Because you have to, you have to try, you know, like you're trying to work with when you try to work with another. Yeah, yes. And multitasking. 

Coach  0:25  
That's definitely how the classroom is. One thing I noticed in this simulation is when students had off task behaviors, I noticed that you immediately recognize those, and you call on those students in some way, which is important because recognizing an off task behavior is sort of the first step and helping to redirect that behavior. And sometimes you addressed it with the students in a way of trying to bring them back into the conversation or thanking them for their whistling or their impersonations, or engaging with them in some way. But we want to make sure that we don't let those misbehaviors take away from our learning environment. And by giving them a really specific redirection. So a specific redirection would involve using the student's name, which you appropriately did, and just quickly naming what it is that the student is doing that they need to stop. 

Coach  1:20  
For example, when Ethan was humming in the beginning, you were like, Ethan, are you good today? And you kind of continued to ask students, but we didn't necessarily specifically tell Ethan to stop humming. So we could have simply said, like, as soon as the humming begins, we could have said, "Ethan, stop humming. Instead, you know, could you share a classroom norm?" That way, we're still pulling him back in, because I noticed you really wanted to make sure those students felt a part of the conversation. But we need to make sure we still give that specific redirection before we try to pull them back in.

Coach  2:02  
So let's look at when Ethan was whistling. You said "Okay, Ethan, we can definitely find a time to talk about that today. If you give me a few minutes. Let's not whistle for a few minutes. And then I can give you a couple few seconds of whistle time. Does that sound good?" So you're still telling them that there's going to be time to whistle but maybe not right now? 

Participant  2:24  
Yeah. 

Coach  2:24  
That's not necessarily super clear. So how could we have said that more specific and concise way?

Participant  2:35  
I could probably have said, you know, we could do whistle time is out. Like when we go outside for recess or somebody you can practice your whistling time at recess instead of in the classroom. You know. 

Coach  2:49  
I think that would have been a good and so that could have totally been appropriate, but we would still want to make sure we start with like, you know, "Ethan, stop whistling" or "Ethan. We're not whistiling right now." But that way, it's very clear that it's not right now that we're doing this whistling. 

Participant  3:04  
Okay. 

Coach  3:05  
So, I'm going to be a student who has an off task behavior, and I want you to quickly redirect me with a specific redirection, okay. 

Coach  3:14  
Okay. 

Participant  3:15  
All right. 

Coach  3:16  
So tomorrow is my birthday. And I think my mom's gonna make cupcakes, but I'm not really sure if I want her to make chocolate cupcakes or vanilla cupcakes, but definitely gonna have sprinkles. Probably some icing, but I'm not really sure.

Participant  3:30  
Okay. Oh, wait, I'm so sorry. So was that the part where like, you were, like, interrupting?

Coach  3:38  
Yeah, so just like how, just like how Ethan had Darth Vader and making Urkel impressions. You when a student is off task or making those noises you want to quickly address that specifically. Okay, so let's, let's try that one more time, so that you guys can interject early on. 

Coach  3:53  
Yeah, so, um, tomorrow is my birthday. And I think my mom's gonna make cupcakes. I don't really know. 

Participant  3:59  
Oh, Coach. Tomorrow's your birthday. That's awesome. That's wonderful. 

Coach  4:06  
Yeah. So do you think I should add chocolate or vanilla? 

Participant  4:08  
Well, what we're gonna do is we're going to let's go ahead, and we're focused on this assignment right now. So we're gonna start-

Coach  4:18  
Yeah but my birthday, 

Participant  4:19  
-and then I'm sorry. 

Coach  4:22  
Yeah, but my birthday is tomorrow. So I'm really excited. 

Participant  4:24  
I know. I'm excited. 

Coach  4:27  
I'm gonna pause this real quick. So you, you have not given me that direction to stop talking. You've continued to pull me in to talk about my birthday. 

Participant  4:36  
That's a bad thing for me.

Coach  4:39  
Instead of instead of, you know, going on about my birthday. You could have just said, Coach, stop talking about your birthday. Instead, could you give me a classroom norm? So can you try repeating that back to me?

Participant  4:52  
Okay, so, Coach, instead of talking about your birthday, could you give me a classroom norm?

Coach  5:00  
All right so remember we got to stop talking about your birthday into that specific stop okay so in this next round I want you to focus on how you can specifically address student behaviorin a way that is very clear to them okay?

Participant  5:15  
Okay. 

Coach  5:15  
All right cool.

