TeachSIM Staff  0:00  
All right, how did you feel about that classroom norms scenario?

Teacher  0:04  
Ah, it was challenging, just because you know, Ethan being, Ethan and, you know, having to be called on twice and not listening. And I mean, it's, it's normal, they're students, they're gonna talk, their, you know, it's, 

TeachSIM Staff  0:32  
Yeah, and, they're not necessarily aware of all of their disruptions. One thing I noticed that you did well is you, for almost all of them, you immediately address them the moment they started, you address the student by name, and you did your best to redirect them in and stop their behavior. One way or tool for redirecting students is to give a really specific but also succinct redirection. That way, we're not taking up too much time redirecting them with like a lengthy explanation of why we want them to stop. And that way we can continue focus on the lesson that we're doing, right? So if we think about when he was making the Star Wars noises, he's you who said, I'm going to have to call your mom or dad, and he said, I have two dads, we were like, Okay, well, I can call them they're both at work, that's okay, I can call them at work. It's bothersome to your classmates, it's taking away from their learning. So in that situation, you gave him a really long explanation of what he was doing. And we could have just given him a more specific and succinct direction to stop by just saying simply, like, Ethan, stop making noises, you know, and we could have still gotten him back involved by calling on him in some other way. But just by giving a quick redirection using the name, and then telling them what to stop doing. It's both specific for the students. So there's no confusion, and then it's also singular, so we take more time for learning. So how could we have maybe reframed the lesson at the end? When you were like, the third time I'm calling I have to have a parent meeting with your dad? How can we maybe reframe that just to be specific and short? He was doing impersonations.

Teacher  2:34  
Yes. So I don't know what um, to be honest, like, I'm just making it short, you're meaning like,

TeachSIM Staff  2:47  
Yeah, so just saying, like, Ethan, stop talking, or Ethan, stop making noises, but just give him a really specific redirection so that there's no confusion over what he needs to stop doing. And then we're also spending more time on the lesson learned.

Teacher  3:02  
Or maybe like, okay, Ethan, principal's office. I mean, if that's the third time, I think, once being told twice, and him not stopping, I think that would be the next step. Or,

TeachSIM Staff  3:16  
I think that, it sort of goes outside of my role in the coach, I think, for the simulation, because this is sort of different by school in different behavior plans and things like that. Typically, I think that would maybe so, it is more of like a conversation on the side after a lesson before a principal's office for talking.

Teacher  3:34  
Or, or, okay, or maybe like, okay, Ethan, you're staying after class. So we can discuss, you know, discuss it further and uninterrupted listen, like you're meeting or you're staying behind after, after class.

TeachSIM Staff  3:48  
Right, and something, something to aware, and because that was a third time, but without necessarily repeat offenders, but more so just reminding students of specific redirections for small off task behaviors, because sometimes in elementary school, like you said, these are really real, and they talk a lot. And it's sort of condensed into five minutes for the purpose of the simulation. But just providing them with a specific and succinct redirection. So what if I was a student who pulled out a book and started reading? How could you give me a specific and succinct direction here?

Teacher  4:26  
So, um, student, I need you to put your book away.

TeachSIM Staff  4:30  
Yep, that was using my name. And you told me really quickly, you need me to put my book away without taking too much time away from learning, right? So in this next round of classroom norms, I want you to think about how you can give like a specific redirection to stop a certain behavior, and then also how to be succinct so that we can keep the lesson rolling. Do you have any questions?

Teacher  4:55  
No, it's basically like, doing it again. It's just,

TeachSIM Staff  4:57  
Yeah, you're just doing it right over from the beginning.

Teacher  5:02
Okay.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
