TeachSIM Staff  0:00  
All right, how did you feel about that simulation? 

Teacher  0:05  
*inaudible* All over the place. 

TeachSIM Staff  0:08  
It is a, it is a little different. And it's one that you might not have been expecting. One thing that I think you did well is I could tell when you noticed that the students had some sort of off off task behavior, and that you were able to immediately recognize it. And then so from there, I think that we need to make sure that we give students a really specific redirection so that we can make sure we named the behavior that we want them to stop doing or the behavior that we want them to do. Because a lot of the times you were trying to talk over them, or you're trying to kind of skirt around your redirection, so be like, Oh, okay, well make sure that we're being respectful. But students might not always know what being respectful looks like. So we have to really name the direction that we want them to do or not do. Okay

Teacher  0:56  
Okay. 

TeachSIM Staff  0:59  
So, in the simulation, you when Ethan was first started making the noises, you were like, Ethan, we have to listen to the teacher and one person speak at a time. And he kind of continued, and then you said, like, we need to make sure we're respectful when others are speaking. So instead of giving some long directions, we could just be really specific and say, Ethan, your voice is off right now. And that way, we're just giving a very specific redirection, that's just very to the point, we just say, Ethan, your voice is off. Okay, we can still bring in, go ahead.

Teacher  1:39  
 *inaudible* 

TeachSIM Staff  1:42  
Can you what? 

Teacher  1:43  
So we can signal? Like 123 Eyes on me? 

TeachSIM Staff  1:49  
You can, you can certainly utilize things like that. But sometimes we still want to make sure we've given a student a specific direction. Some of those teaching signals are kind of more of a whole class situation. And so, you know, with Ethan is, specifically the rest of the class is paying attention, but we need to give Ethan that specific redirection of Ethan, your voice should be off right now. We can still bring him in and make him feel included by saying, you know, do you have a norm to share? Or can you repeat one of the norms, but that way we're making him we're giving a clear direction of what he should not be doing. So how might we, when he started whistling? You said, that's a really good focus, or that's a really good whistle. But let's focus. So how might you change that to be a little bit more specific and direct?

Teacher  2:54  
*inaudible*

TeachSIM Staff  2:54  
So we want to avoid the like focus, because some students might be able to whistle and focus at the same time, right? Some students might be able to do two things at once. But his whistling is also disruptive to others. So we just want him to stop whistling. So we just want to tell him even stopped whistling. Instead, can you explain to me one of the norms, which is how you actually you said, can you explain to me one of those norms, so we can continue to pull him in by asking that, but we want to be really specific and just saying Ethan, stop whistling. Okay, and that way, there's no confusion that like he's focused or not focused, or by complimenting his whistle, we might, he might take that as I should keep going. Okay, so what if I'm a student, and I pulled out a book and I start reading

I can't hear you at all now.

Try again. 

Teacher  4:02  
I would say, can you put your book away? 

TeachSIM Staff  4:06  
Okay, so that was pretty direct, but we want to frame it as a statement, not a question. So we could just say, Jamie, put your book away. Can you try that? 

Teacher  4:15  
Jamie put your book away. 

TeachSIM Staff  4:19  
Alright, so you've made it super clear, you haven't given me a choice with whether I can or cannot do it. You've just told me what to do. And so when students start having those behaviors, we want to immediately let them know to stop what they're doing. And not compliment them or go around it. But immediately when they start the behavior. We want to say, you know, Ethan, stop whistling or, you know, Jamie, put your book away. Okay. So in this next round, I want us to give redirections or I want you to work on giving a specific redirection to students. Right as their off task behavior begins. Okay. All right. And just stay close because it went in and out a couple times on our coaching but it was really good during the simulation. All right.

