TeachSIM Staff  0:01  
All right, teacher, how did you feel about that classroom norms round? 

Teacher  0:07
Very nerve wracking. 

TeachSIM Staff  0:10
Well, I know that it's a little bit nerve wracking to do something new. But this is just an opportunity to grow. One thing that you did that was really great was that when the behaviors began, you immediately worked to try to redirect those behaviors. So you noticed that you were engaging with the child, and you let them know that what they were doing wasn't the appropriate behavior. So in this next round, and moving forward to when you're in your own classroom, I want us to think about how we can redirect students in a way that's really specific, but also really succinct so that we're not spending a lot of time redirecting them and giving more time back to whatever the lesson is. So I know that Ethan continued, and one time you said like, Ethan, this is the third time, I'm not going to ask you again, I don't want to write a note to your parents, are you going to stop being disruptive and step out of the classroom? So to make that is several sentences that we can really just narrow down into one quick redirection and just say, you know, Ethan, voice off, and then continue back to your classroom norms discussion. Do you see how making a more specific and succinct redirection can help to keep the class on track? So let's think about another one that you did and think about if we could maybe rephrase it differently. Okay? So I'm in, when I, Ethan started playing the video games, right in the beginning, it's like pu, pu, pu. You said, Ethan, we're here to pay attention. Please don't be disruptive to me or anyone else. Just make sure that you listen. So how could we make that shorter?

Teacher  2:08  
I wouldn't know. 

TeachSIM Staff  2:11
So just even just saying like, Ethan, you know, we're not making noises right now, or Ethan, voice off or Ethan, stop talking. All of those are just quick, a few words. And that way we can spend more of our time developing norms as a class. Do you see the difference between the two? So what about if we'll practice, you're like, I want you to be a disruptive student, and I'll tell you to stop. Okay? So you can start. Teacher, I need your voice off. Could you give me a classroom norm? Or could you repeat back the classroom norm to me, but do you see how I was really quick, and then I directed it back to the class conversation? Okay, so I want you to try on me for one, okay? La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.

Teacher  3:04  
Student, voice office. And can you repeat back to me a norm that I just mentioned?

TeachSIM Staff  3:09  
Excellent. You called me by name, which is really important. And you did that throughout the simulation, you gave me the specific command to turn my voice off, and it was really short. And you drew my attention back to the lesson. So we'll do another practice. I have a book. And I'm reading.

Teacher  3:30  
Student, put the book down. We're here to pay attention. Can you repeat back a norm that I mentioned? 

TeachSIM Staff  3:38  
Exactly. There we go. You called my name, you told me to put the book down. And then we were able to continue on with our lesson. Okay? So in this next round, I want us to think about how when students are making those behaviors that are destructive, and that might be a little frustrating to us, if we can just give them a quick redirection, naming the behavior that we want them to stop doing. And just a few words so that it doesn't take away from the lesson from others. Alrighty, okay, so I'm going to go ahead. Any questions for me? Do you have any questions, teacher? 

Teacher  4:22
Oh, no, sorry. It was cutting off.

TeachSIM Staff  4:26  
Okay. Oh, okay. Sorry about that. Um, oh, it says my internet's unstable. So I'll turn my camera off and you can try to fix that. You'll just do this simulation again.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
