Coach  0:00  
All right Emmy. How did you feel about that simulation?

Teacher  0:03  
Um, pretty good. It's always difficult when you feel like you're just calling on a kid over and over again. But I just feel like, like, especially for the topic of the conversation, it was important to kind of use him as like a non-example without being like too aggressive about it.

Coach  0:21  
So I definitely think that you really stayed very non frustrated. And I definitely saw you recognize quickly when the behavior was happening. So that's super important. And I know you're saying like, I wanted to use him as a non-example and everything. So is there a behavior in particular that you said might have been a, that maybe was a little bit more frustrating or challenging?

Teacher  0:43  
Um, just like, the noise making. I think it's challenging, especially when he's like...well, I can listen and like, you know, it's always hard when they like, combat what you-like your reasoning for...

Coach  0:56  
Right. So let's back... I, uh. Let's think back about that. So he makes noises throughout most of those. But let's think about his whistling. You asked him like, how can we show respectful behavior? And he just says, I'm just whistling. Do you think any noises that come out of your mouth are respectful so that we can fully listen? And that's when he's like, I am listening. I am. And so why do you think that he doesn't stop what he's doing? And he says that he's he is listening? And he is...he can do both at once?

Teacher  1:27  
I think, well, I think sometimes...like, people, I don't know, I think depending on the kid, they might like some like drawing or something like might increase their focus. Um, and so I that's kind of why I was like...Well, maybe you can, but like, it might prohibit like other people from listening well. I also think that sometimes like kids, so they're like, could be like kids that are like that, or like some kids like will just tell you kind of what they think that you want to hear so that they can keep doing it. And so it's hard to just be like, No, you can't like you cannot like whistle and listen.

Coach  2:03  
You brought up a good point that it's distracting to others. So it's not the same thing as just drawing and focusing at the same time. And again, we don't know these students in the simulation. And so we when we redirect him, and think about using him kind of like as a non-example, we want to make sure that non example is specific. So when we tell him, like make sure you're listening, he's like, I am listening, I can whistle and listen at the same time. So rather than just use, like positive narration about make sure you're listening, make sure you're respectful. How can we make it specific what he's doing is not appropriate?

Teacher  2:37  
So just saying like, Ethan your whistling is not respectful behavior. Like I need it to stop. Just like that?

Coach  2:45  
Yeah!

Teacher  2:45  
Okay. 

Coach  2:46  
Yeah, it's as simple as that, you know, you know, Ethan, I need you to stop that's not respectful. And a couple times you tried to bring him still back into the conversation. And that's super appropriate too, you can give him that redirection. Ethan, not respectful. Stop whistling, what's a norm instead? A couple times, I saw you tried to bring students back in. And I think that was really great. So I think you could give that specific direction, and then go forward. So what if I was a student and I can't focus and read by the way at the same time, and I pull out my book? What could you say to me?

Teacher  3:26  
Jamie, can you please put your book down? That's not respectful behavior. We're supposed to be listening to our classmates or the teacher. 

Coach  3:34  
Yeah, So Jamie, one thing that I would change, though, is not to pose it as a question, and just say, like, Jamie, put your book down. We're not reading.

Teacher  3:41  
Yes, I'm- I realized that I've done that a lot. It's gotten me many times at school. It's like, can you put that away? No. And you're like, well...

Coach  3:48  
Yes. And so that's something that we can kind of continue working on here is making sure we just tell them, and I liked how you were talking about like the non example. Like, sometimes we need to just say like, this is not what we're doing. And by giving that specific example, and I'm just trying to check my timer. Oh, we got a whole minute left. But by just giving that specific redirection and saying it as a statement. Something else you did while was including the name, so we want to make sure we include the student's name. Okay, so what about if this time, I have pulled out nail polish?

Jamie put the nail polish down. That's not what we're doing right now.

Yeah, so you said my name. You didn't ask a question. So good job there. And you just told me exactly what to stop doing. So you gave a super specific redirection. So in this next round, let's just think about how we can really name that behavior that we want to stop. And so that way the student has no confusion about what it is that we should or shouldn't be doing.

Teacher  4:50  
Okay. Yeah. Sounds good. 

Coach  4:52  
Do you have any questions?

Teacher  4:53  
No.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
