TeachSIM Staff  0:01  
Hey teacher, how's that, how do you feel?

Teacher  0:05  
I mean, it was alright, I guess, I did a similar simulation last summer. And so you know, it's always a little, little difficult to set group norms and a conversation where you need students who already have group norms, but I think it went alright.

TeachSIM Staff  0:21  
That's an interesting take on it. I may have to repeat that to someone, and group norms for a situation were unique norms. So I want to first start out with confidence. And one thing that was clear was that you were calm, and you were caring and supporter the entire time, right. And I can tell this because you're like, Ethan, remember when we're trying to, remember we're trying to have a conversation, but our group norms like now, so you're trying to gently and calmly revert them back to the learning and I thought that was very important. What I want to work on today is more work on how do we be very specific and clear, with our students without taking up a lot of time, because time is equal to instruction with eating into our ability to teach. And here's, here's what I find in that moment. Like speaking a lot. For example, you said, Ethan, do you have any ideas on what good norms might be? Hey, Ethan, can you save your noise for when we go out to recess, or maybe later on today? So that's a lot of, or another example is when Ethan was whistling here, like, maybe that could be another thing. But when we are listening, we shouldn't be talking. Okay, so let's stop the whistling for now. And like trying to take what we're trying to say in a very short and succinct. So if you're going to take what you were trying to say about Ethan, stop, which is what during the whistling situation, if you were going to be very short and succinct, but still polite, what would you say?

Teacher  2:38  
I mean, I guess it could be as short as just don't whistle while we're talking, kind of thing.

TeachSIM Staff  2:48  
Yeah. Something that I would say, which is right along the lines of what you just said, is, Ethan, please stop whistling, we're focusing on instruction now. Ethan, please stop druming. We're focusing on instruction, even though we're focusing on instruction is not necessary. All that's really necessary is, Ethan, please stop. And then the specific behavior. So stay polite, but it allows you to get back to teaching as fast as possible without having to dwell on the behaviors. So now, I am going to be Ethan. And I'm going to exude behaviors. And you're going to practice with me and tell me Ethan, please stop, like any blank. Then I'm going to exude behaviors now.

Teacher  3:53  
Please stop saying that, we're trying to talk about group norms. I did the same thing again, where I made it longer. But

TeachSIM Staff  4:00  
It's okay, we're gonna keep going. I text message came through,

Teacher  4:06  
Please put your phone away. Please don't throw things in our classroom.

TeachSIM Staff  4:18  
Reach out. What did you notice about that?

Teacher  4:23  
There is a more immediate stop to the behavior. 

TeachSIM Staff  4:26
Why do you think that's because.

Teacher  4:30
The comment was shorter and didn't take as long to get to the point.

TeachSIM Staff  4:36  
So the faster we can get to the point, the faster they can get back to learning. And there's less time for back and forth. So what we're going to do is, we're going to try this again. We're going to try it in the second simulation. So that means that you're going to get an opportunity to try the same simulation again. In the beginning, do you have any questions before we start?

Teacher  5:06  
it's just gonna restart from the beginning, right? With the same? okay.

TeachSIM Staff  5:10  
Yeah, alright, no other questions?

Teacher  5:15
No, I don't think so.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
