Coach  0:01  
All right. So how did you think that went Student?

Participant  0:05  
Um, honestly, I'm exhausted. I don't think I did well, I mean, I'm kind of stressed out.

Coach  0:17  
Well, thank you for still showing up, say amongst being stressed out. And if you need to take a moment, do you want to take a moment?

Participant  0:24  
I'm fine. I'm just gonna push through and keep going.

Coach  0:26  
Okay, okay, well, thank you for showing up. But it's very important to take care of yourself, too. So I think there were some things that you did really well, in this, for example, you did stay pretty calm, and you were really able to have a really good focus around the classroom norms. You really you had students chiming in and getting a lot of norms. And they also, you really talked about how those norms are going to contribute to your classroom. So I think you did a really great job establishing those norms. Um and I think you did an excellent job with the first redirection that you gave with Ethan. Ethan was doing those video games, and you just said, Ethan, cut that out. And so you were able to quickly tell him what to stop doing so that you could continue your classroom norms discussion. And so I think we can kind of continue thinking about maybe how we could have that specific redirection for some of his other behaviors. That's just really quick and specific. So that way, he is less distracting in class for the others, the other behaviors. Okay, so if we think about him, when he was doing his impersonations that last one, it's a me Mario, right? You said I want to have Jasmine share, I'm gonna give her a turn. And then he said, Okay, I'll be quieter. And then you said, Okay, great. Do we want him to be quieter? Or do we want him to stop

Participant  1:52  
it want him to stop, I didn't catch that he had said quieter until after he kept making noises.

Coach  2:02  
That's it. And that happens sometimes, too. So if he if that happens, we can just tell him the first time and a really specific, quick way, we can just say, Ethan, stop impersonating, or now Jasmine is going to share a norm. And that way you can let him know specifically, that what he's doing is not acceptable. And you can still pivot your conversation to Jasmine. But it just becomes kind of a little clearer to him, that when he's talking, it's disruptive to others, because sometimes students aren't meaning to be malicious or defiant. But they're just want to keep doing what they're doing. And so if we tell him kind of more specifically, and a quick like Ethan stopped the impersonations Jasmine, what was the norm you're sharing? It's just a really quick way to continue the discussion. Okay, so what about when Ethan was whistling? What could we have told him? Right when he started whistling? 

Participant  2:58  
To stop? 

Coach  2:59  
Okay, so how could we say that, um,

Participant  3:04  
Your whistling is kind of being distracting right now, I need you to stop whistling so that we can move on.

Coach  3:08  
Exactly. So you tell him what you need to stop what he needs to stop doing. And you use somebody's name. And you use that specific action. So that was a really great redirection because you specifically named the behavior. So what if I'm a student and I usually have a book handy, and I don't, so I'm gonna use them outside. But what if I'm a student in your classroom, and I decide I'm gonna start reading the book? 

Participant  3:32  
Um Jamie, I really want you to be a part of this conversation. Can we? Can we put the book away so that you can contribute? 

Coach  3:39  
Yep. And so you, you asked me to put the book away. Sometimes it can even be stronger to just tell me to put the book away. Because if I was really into my book, I might say, No, I really liked this chapter. I'm gonna wait till I finish, right. And so you framed it really nicely. You were like, I want you to be a part of this conversation. I need you to put the book away. And that was great, because you're redirecting me, but you're still making me feel very welcome in the classroom. Okay, so in this next round, I want you thinking about how you can continue to give those specific directions, um using the students name naming the direction and at all costs, avoiding it in the form of a question, because sometimes, they won't respond the way we want them to if we ask them. So thank you student, again for showing up and if you want, like a-

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
