Coach  0:01  
Alright, how did you feel that went?

Participant  0:03  
Um, I think it fit better than when I did it in the fall.

Coach  0:08  
So Well, I think it went really, really well. I- you did a lot of things super well, one, you noticed behaviors pretty quickly. And then you gave really spsusecific and succinct redirections, while staying very calm. You didn't look frustrated or bothered at all. So when you redirected students, it was very welcoming to them, still keeping them within the classroom environment. You had really like short redirections. Like when he was drumming, you just said Ethan, still. And that way, your redirection wasn't taking away from much learning time, you were just really short and specific to the point which is great. So I don't necessarily have like a feedback for you as like, what you shouldn't do, or how to fix anything you did. But one way that you could kind of even continuing to do better in this both in the classroom, which might be something you already do and in this simulation is even just giving some of those like nonverbal cues to students pretty quickly. Like right when they start, you could just say, you know, Mikayla, and like, yeah, so Jasmine, share what you were talking about, about classroom norms or whatever. You were pretty specific and a lot of the time very short with your redirections. Like you said, I, you said, you know, Ethan, I need your voice to be off. So you know, that's quick and to the point. And so sometimes when Ethan might be talking, you could just say Ethan, and you know, give him that nonverbal cue. So, but you gave a lot of really great, quick redirection to the students that proved to be very effective in this sim. If we look at the when he was talking about Darth Vader, when he pretends like "I'm, Darth. Darth, you can call me Darth", how might you have been able to give him a redirection nonverbally there?

Participant  2:15  
Probably just like "shh", or, you know, kind of like, maybe like, if you were like in the room with them, I put my hand just like to be like, Hey, we're not doing that. Yeah. That's what I do with my kindergarteners.

Coach  2:27  
In the classroom, there are definitely a few more nonverbal cues that we might be able to give. So if I'm a student, and I'm in your classroom, and I start talking to my neighbor, and I'm like, hey, I want to talk about what color of our cupcakes you want from my birthday. I really like chocolate. But some people like vanilla What do you think I should do? What could you do to me?

Participant  2:54  
Um, I've noticed by mentor teacher and I've tried to start doing it myself like if I'm like talking, I'll address the two like in the sentence sort of so like, they're addressing the class feels like just like insert those two so they're like redirect their focus back to what we're talking about. While it doesn't like interrupt like what I am talking about, so like say say their names and then get back to it or just like, you know, do a little nonverbal thing so.

Coach  3:26  
That's exactly right. And so sometimes so with our like nonverbal so that works really well for reading or for talking about someone talking. What if I pick up a book and I started reading in class how could you continue to give me like a short and specific redirection like you were doing?

Participant  3:43  
Probably just like say their name like look up here something or have like, that's for later or like it put that away?

Coach  3:54  
Put that away would be a really great like specific one. When we say look up here a student might be like

Participant  4:02  
okay

Coach 4:05  
The more specific to that behavior you did a really great job of it and this in though is great to like put that away could be just one. You really did give great specific and pretty succinct redirection so as we continue that in this next round of the sim, you can think about how you can give more specific and succint ones like you were doing and maybe even a nonverbal when you happen and just address them as quickly as possible. Like, like you were doing in the first round 

Coach  4:39  
Did you freeze Can you hear me? Are you there?

Participant  4:49  
Yeah, sorry, my, my connection was unstable for a second. Sorry.

Coach  4:53  
Oh, good. Did you hear me okay, though. Yeah, I'm good. Okay, so we're just going in now to the next round of this.

