Participant  0:00  
Thank you.

Coach  0:01  
How'd that go?

Participant  0:03  
It was good. I mean, I knew because of the last time that he was Ethan was gonna be chatting, but

Coach  0:15  
Okay. So I'm glad that you knew the simulation from before, so it's not a complete complete shock,

But I like that you, you were very consistent. You tried to like, always try to connect, connect the listening back to the learning that they're doing at the time or the to something that another student said. So I like that you were trying to draw connections. And that you were trying to stay as calm as possible throughout. I knew that by by the end of it. You were pretty, like a little frazzled, but it wasn't mean or nasty towards Ethan, you were always very like positive with him. 

Participant  1:08  
Yeah.

Coach  1:09  
So what I want to talk about today, though, and this might be a pain point, it's thinking about how do we take all that connective language that you're trying to use? And actually save that for a different space? And think about how can we redirect or redirect the student as fast as possible, so that we can get back to teaching. Okay. So the students get back to learning. Right. So an example of, of what you something that you were saying is, so Ethan Svannah just sais.... Yes, so we're not whistling right now, we are coming up with classroom norms. So please keep the whistling down. No, we're not we're not listening. We're not whistling right now. If you had to take that statement, and make it concise, and succinct, what would you say to Ethan?

Participant  2:12  
Probably just Stop whistling.

Coach  2:16  
Stop whistling. Now, for me, just to be added added. A layer of like kindness and respect. Typically would say, Ethan, please stop whistling. So that way, I'm using as short of language as possible, but I'm getting myself back onto the learning, that's fast. So let's practice, practice, practice looking at a behavior and then thinking okay, now what is the shortest most succinct way that I can get that behavior to stop so we can move on to the lesson? Okay. So the practice the goal here is to be able to name the behavior.

Participant  3:09  
Stop, please stop swinging. Is that a necklace?

Coach  3:15  
Yes. That's where it gets challenging because you're like, what's happening? Was like process was happening and then even please stop swinging your beads or swinging gloves? Okay.

Participant  3:33  
Please stop throwing your pen.

Coach  3:38  
And one more. Oh I just got a text. It's from my cousin.

Participant  3:44  
Please, we're not or please stop using your phone? Yes.

Coach  3:50  
Or put your phone down. Any of those would work. Okay.

Participant  3:55  
Please put your phone away or something.

Coach  3:57  
Please put your phone away. Now I'm going to be a student who is now who's having a discussion about classroom norms. But did you know that there's a star there's this character or Naruto? And the character on Naruto? He's my favorite because he is the strongest character and because he's the strongest character-

Participant  4:28  
Stop talkinh about outside media right now we're focusing. Would you say like for the superhero one I was like stressed because I don't I feel bad like interrupting.

Coach  4:44  
I felt that tension. 

Participant  4:46  
But I didn't want him to be talking about that. 

Coach  4:49  
So my model for that would be Oh, that's nice. Please save that conversation for me for later.

Participant  4:57  
Yeah, I like to save that conversation. Okay,

Coach  5:03  
Or a really quick Dev please stop talking about superheroes

Participant  5:16  
Okay, that one I just didn't know because I don't like I don't even like when I'm at my student teaching I feel like that interrupting kids when they're talking about something that they're so interested in

Coach  5:27  
Yeah because then it throws everyone off and they went from thinking about algebra to now thinking about superheroes. So there's like, two minutes. It's like, getting their attention, right? What we're gonna do is we're going to practice being clear and succinct in our next simulation, so we're gonna go into the simulations, and you're gonna have an opportunity to do it again from the beginning. Okay. Do you have any questions before we get started?

Participant  6:04  
Um, no, I don't think so. I think I'm good

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
