Coach  0:01  
Hi student

Participant  0:08  
Hi... say it again?

Coach  0:08  
How was that for you?

Participant  0:09  
That was, I mean, it was realistic. That's how it is. In my at least in my placement, like, that's how it is with my children. So I'm used to that. So yeah, it was fine. I uh

Let's get in this then, because I'm hearing some things that I'm like, oh, Brian, my heart goes out to you. This is how it is in your placement every day my heart goes out. So one thing that you did really well is your like, patience was unbelievable. Like you have a lot of patience with Ethan. And I appreciated that. What I wanted, what I wanted to talk to you about was two things. One, in the directions to do the simulation, you really want the students to generate the norms, this so that you're not the one leading and telling them what you need them to do, but they're actually thinking about what they should do. So that's just a segment. So when we try the simulation, again, I want you to try to have the students generate the norms. 

Okay

Coach  1:23  
But what I want to work with you on is actually telling the students what you need them to do, because I noticed that you were trying to like leave them to it like guys remember classroom norms classroom are practicing and classroom norms. And I'm giving you an example. In the beginning, you said Ethan, give me one second, I'm trying to get something through and you're trying to get this classroom norms things through. So you did not tell Ethan or redirect him about the behavior. Okay, and Ethan starts whistling Ethan, this is still a noise. So we're going to work on that.So we're going to work on that remember, our classroom norm is we raise our hands if we have something to say. What are you actually not? What are you not telling you Ethan? 

Participant  2:15  
That he shouldn't be doing this is..

Coach  2:18  
Exactly, you're not telling him that the behavior that he's doing right now is bad, or that that behavior needs to stop. So what I want to practice with you today is I want you to practice looking at behavior, and actually telling students to stop the behavior that is not supported. You need get really comfortable and like just start practicing doing that, cause in the whole thing did not tell a single student to stop a behavior. 

Participant  2:49  
Okay, 

Coach  2:49  
So that's why they continue through the whole time. So one way that you can tell a student is to stop to redirect them from a behavior is to say, so, Ethan's drumming, Ethan, please stop drumming. If Ethan is making whistling Ethan, please stop whistling. I want you to look at these behaviors that I'm going to do. And I want you to tell me, I'm Ethan. And I tell me, Ethan please stop and then the behavior. So you have to identify what the behavior is. And communicate, to cease the behavior. Behavior to stop.Ready? 

Participant  3:34  
Yeah, I'm ready.

Coach  3:36  
Hey watch out. 

Participant  3:42  
What's happening? 

Coach  3:44  
Exactly what's happening. So you need to figure out what's happening. Ethan is throwing the ball at Dev. And you're going to tell me what the behavior that needs to stop. You are...

Participant  3:58  
Okay. Ethan please don't throw the ball. We need you to stop doing that.

Coach  4:08  
Do it in fewer words. Next one. Let me just draw on your face real quick.

Participant  4:16  
Ethan we need you to focus. I need you to stop drawing on faces.

Coach  4:21  
Oh I got a text message. Hold on. 

Participant  4:24  
Ethan put your phone away. 

Coach  4:26  
Very good. Fastest one. So you're getting good. Okay? So just be mindful that you have to look at the behavior, identify what that behavior is, and then ask you to please stop. 

Participant  4:40  
Awesome.

Coach  4:42  
 So we're gonna try that again. We're gonna try the simulation again. And this time, if you look at the behavior and tell them to stop the behavior we're going to see what difference that brings. Alright?

Participant  4:55  
Perfect

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
