Coach  0:00  
Alright, Hayley. How did you think that norm setting simulation went?

Teacher  0:05  
I felt more calm than the last time I did it.

Coach  0:08  
I think you were super calm. I definitely think that you remained really calm and very level headed, which is great, because these behaviors can be very frustrating. But you didn't let students see that. So good work there, I would agree with you on that. Was there anything you felt challenging about, or anything that you felt was challenging?

Teacher  0:30  
It was hard when there's a lot of...when it just keeps going. And there's not like the student won't listen, even after you've like given different types of warnings or different types of reminders, bringing them back to you know, what we're trying to focus on. And I think in like a physical setting, this might be easier to do, you could have some more nonverbal cues, or, you know, you could ask a student to step away for a minute and collect themselves before they want to come back. But in the situation, it's not something that can be done.

Coach  1:05  
And so it sounds like you have tons of strategies, like maybe you can try to use nonverbal cues in this simulation. But you know, you're not able to ask the student to take a break or to move closer to a student. But those are good strategies that we can use in the classroom. And I even noticed you trying to use some, like, you know, positive, positive language, like we're trying to be respectful and things like that. But we want to make sure that the students really understand that they know when the direction is they know, when they're being off task and that you are trying to redirect them. And I think at times, your redirection was just a little bit unclear. So if we think about like the drumming behavior, you asked Ethan, do you think that drumming might be a distraction for our peers? And he said, like, I don't think of it that way. I can do it quieter. So you attempted to redirect him by asking him that question, but do you see how it might have been confusing to him? Because to him, he was like, I'm just enjoying drumming. It's okay. And then you said, I love that you're drumming. So do you love that he's drumming in class?

Teacher  2:16  
Not at the moment, but I do enjoy that he has passion. So I was trying to... it's about the language. It's the language of but it's.. uh. I wanted to not like shut him down, but also to remind him like there's an appropriate time for different actions.

Coach  2:32  
So we can redirect him in a way that does directly shut down the behavior, but then also kind of pivot it so that he knows that that's an appropriate passion for another time. So how do you think that maybe you could rephrase that so that you clearly ask him to specifically stop what he might be doing, but then you could also still make him feel okay with the fact that that's something he likes.

Teacher  3:00  
Maybe, like the drumming is a distraction for you and your peers. You're welcome to do that recess, or you're welcome to do that at another time. But right now we're focusing on coming up with some rules for our classroom. 

Coach  3:17  
Right, and I would even add in there to make it more specific. I like how you said, you know, drumming is a distraction. You're welcome to do that at recess, but I would even throw in there, but not right now. Right now, we are only talking about classroom norms, or something so that he understands that right now we are not drumming, because like he said, he doesn't think it's a distraction. He's okay with it. And so by just reframing it in a way that's like, Ethan, like, we're not drumming right now, it's a distraction to others. You can continue doing that at recess, though, do you have a classroom norm you want to share? So that kind of pulls in all of what you were just.. to stop. Naming the direction. You can tell him he can do it later. And then you're still pulling him back into that norms conversation, which I liked how you did that in the suggestion. Do you see how that might be clearer than just asking him "Do you think drumming is a distraction?" And saying, like, I love that, because we might love that about it, but not right now. So we don't want him to hear that. I love that and think like, oh, she loves my drumming. Now I'm gonna play the tuba. Right? So if I am Ethan and I start to read my book, what could you tell me?

Teacher  4:31  
Ethan, can you set the book down? Right now, reading the book is a distraction for you. You can read the book at another time, but we're not reading our book right now.

Coach  4:41  
Yeah!

Teacher  4:41  
Do you have-

Coach  4:42  
Yeah, you've made it very clear that reading is not an acceptable behavior. So we really just want to make sure that we address it specifically. And pretty quickly when the behavior occurs. So that way, you can focus more of the conversation on classroom norms and less of the students behavior getting in the way and with a specific redirection like that, the student really has a clear understanding of what's not accepted. All right, you ready for round two?

Teacher  5:09  
Yes.

Coach  5:10  
Okay.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
