Coach  0:06  
Okay, there we go. Hey, participant how'd that feel?

Participant  0:12  
It was good. I substituted today for a class that wasn't mine. So maybe it's just like I feel really like for now my tolerance is just like, very high today of like, I don't know, I think it was actually harder than the previous three times I've done it because I feel like my reactivity sometimes just lower because I don't know. Yeah, I thought I could have done better than I did. So.

Coach  0:43  
Okay. Okay. I think that you had moments where you did really well. Moments where it was like, okay, but I don't think you did horrible. And one thing that you did warn moment that you did really well is Ethan. When Ethan was whistling. You said Ethan, I noticed that you need to whistle to think who else needs to whistle today? Here's the here's where it gets good, Ethan I need you to stop whistling. Ethan, I need you to stop listening is very specific to what you need to do. So great job there. I want to work on two things. The first is how do you feel, how would you feel someone told you to close your mouth?

Participant  1:44  
Maybe like offended or like it's just like another way of saying shut up. You know, like, it's just like kind of it's hard to make a logical conclusion of why that's being asked of you

Coach  1:58  
Yeah, I felt the same way. I felt like close your mouth was too abrupt  So I just wanted to like, bring that one in and just bring it to light and just say like, maybe not use close your mouth. But here's something that we can use. Ethan stop whistling, how are you gonna make that more more gentle and say Ethan please stop whistling. So now.... Now I want to talk about what I want to work on which I've already started touching on. I want to work on taking some of the good that you did, and make it shorter. So Ethan, I noticed that you need to whistle we need who else needs to whistle. Ethan I need you to stop whistling the first two sentences are like they're nice to have but they're not necessary. Ethan if I wanted to shorten this to make this very succinct, so I can share the redirection and move back on to teaching I would say Ethan please stop whistling. Okay, and if Ethan was playing video games, and I needed Ethan to stop playing video games or making video games sounds, Ethan voices off. Or Ethan please stop making sounds. Okay, so the key here is Ethan please stop blank. Do you have any questions about that.

Participant  3:40  
That's helpful. Thank you.

Coach  3:43  
No worries. So now we're going to practice it. I'm going to be Ethan and I'm going to share with you behaviors and you are going to use this frame, Ethan please stop blank to help redirect me. So the challenging part is going to be seeing what the behavior is identifying the behavior and then using sentence.  Are we ready? Oh look its an airplane

Participant  4:16  
Ethan please stop spinning that necklace

Coach  4:23  
Dev watch out

Participant  4:26  
Ethan keep your hands to yourself.

Coach  4:30  
My hands are to myself is the pen it's the pen

Participant  4:33  
Put the pencil down and let's stop hitting Dev

Coach  4:39  
I have a text message

Participant  4:43  
Ethan right now is not the time for phones put that away.

Coach  4:48  
So the Ethan please put the phone down. Ethan please put the pen down. Ethan please stop swinging beads. Okay, And the purpose is just so that we can like shorten our redirection so we can get back to the learning. Short redirection, get back to the learning. Any questions about that before we dive into our next simulation practice?

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
