Participant  0:00  
It's hard to tell if it's just dragging. And that's why the students still talking like if what you said didn't work, or if they're just processing what you just said, you know, since it is just like a little bit delayed, you know, I feel like I am talking over them a little bit, which I don't want to do, but I'm trying to let the technology kind of catch up, I guess.

Coach  0:24  
Okay, so there might be a delay on your end. That's good to know. Because I know that that there was a delay going on for you a little bit.

Participant  0:31  
Okay. Yeah. I'm always trying to figure out if there is a delay, or if it's just the student interrupting, you know what I mean?

Coach  0:41  
Oh, it's also the student interrupting. Yeah, that's definitely happening. And what I want to do with you today, I want to just to compliment you on like your persistency and your tone. When talking with Ethan, I thought that that was really good. But what I want to work on is I want to work on being very specific around what you actually want Ethan the student to do or not to do. Okay, so I'm gonna first read you an example of what you were what you said. Then, Ethan was making Darth Vader voices. And you said, Ethan, if you want to share, you can raise your hand, please. Right now. We're talking about classroom norms. So if you have anything to say about classroom norms, please raise your hand for Ethan was making Darth Vader voices and still continued. Why do you think Ethan continued?

Participant  1:44  
I think maybe he didn't have anything to share about class norms.

Coach  1:49  
Yeah, so he's just making Darth Vader noises because you only refer to the classroom norms, conversation, not the noises. Work on today's being very specific about what behaviors you want them to want the student to stop doing, so that they can get back into the conversation. So I'm gonna model it for you. Ethan is making Darth Vader noises. I would say, Ethan, please stop making Darth Vader noises. Okay, very specific around looking at then seeing the behavior and just ask him to stop. Okay. So now, why do you think that might be, might be beneficial here?

Participant  2:43  
I think very explicitly, he knows what he's doing wrong then. And he knows exactly what behaviors to stop instead of just thinking like, oh, well, if I have something here, I'll raise my hand, which was what I was saying before.

Coach  3:00  
Yeah, so it's not just about the if he has something to share, raise your hand. It's also like, Hey, stop that behavior. All right. So now we're going to practice and I'm going to show a couple of behaviors and you're going to use the same Ethan is like, please stop doing okay. So the pause so it the sentence that is, please stop and then the behavior. See you're done job is to look at the behavior and determine what that behavior that is that needs to stop. Okay. Hey, Dev catch.

Participant  3:50  
Please stop throwing that ball please. 

Unknown Speaker  3:54  
audio cuts out

Participant  4:00  
Please stop hitting him. Let's keep our hands to ourselves.

Coach  4:05  
I will have text

Participant  4:08  
Put your phone away and let's pay attention to who's speaking

Coach  4:12  
okay. So great job being very specific around what the behavior is now, and what needs to stop. Okay, great job being clear about it. So now what we're going to do is we are going to continue this. This time, we're going to try it in the simulation. So we're gonna start the simulation from the beginning to give you an opportunity to practice again from start to finish. Okay, before we start...

Participant  4:44  
So use that same sentence stem then?

Coach  4:47  
Yeah. So, student please stop and then the behavior.

Participant  4:53  
Okay, sounds good.

Coach  4:56  
Any questions? Any other questions before we start? 

Participant  4:59  
No, I think all good

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
