Coach  0:01  
I could not find my mouse for a second.

Teacher  0:04  
*Laughs* you're good!

Coach  0:05  
How'd it go?

Teacher  0:06  
Um, I think it went better than in the fall definitely, just because I knew that there was going to be a little bit more of the... some students weren't gonna be as engaged, and I think knowing that and not expecting, like expecting to not have everything run smoothly made it a little bit easier to try to get to the goals that I had. And I think that also just like more representative of what next year will be like, and just going into it knowing that like, ever, everyone's going to bring different personalities, and everyone's going to have like different first days and just trying to like figure out the students and start building that relationship is going to be like really important, especially in the first week. So making sure that like I'm staying patient with the students. Because I know like last fall, we weren't told exactly how it was gonna go and just not like knowing that that was going to be a part of it kind of helped me figure out how to use more classroom management, instead of just kind of sitting there and trying to figure things out. Does that make sense?

Coach  1:17  
Yeah. So I love that you were so calm about everything. You were so calm. And in my brain I'm like, trying to connect this to the area of growth. Because I think you were too calm.

Teacher  1:48  
Okay!

Coach  1:39  
But I like I don't know if calm is the right word. So what I want to do is I want to give you an example of what I'm going to try to you read back to you what you're saying. And we're going to talk through what what what ended up happening.

Teacher  1:53  
Okay.

Coach  1:55  
So Ethan starts making Darth Vader voices. Ethan, I have a quick question for you. What would make this a great classroom for you? So what would make this a good space? Even if Darth Vader was in our class? In that moment, what did you want Ethan to do? 

Teacher  2:18  
Um, I was kind of hoping I could bring him back into the conversation and try to engage him in a way and try to make it. Yeah, like have him have a voice within what we were talking about? And trying to put it into the little, I guess, like roleplay that he was having with himself and trying to be like, Oh, well, if that character came into our classroom, like, what would we expect from them? And how would we want them to feel if that is going to like if he likes to do kind of these little role plays, and just trying to figure out a way to just build rapport with him, but also try to bring him back?

Coach  2:56  
Yeah. Now, all of that makes sense. What actually happened?

Teacher  3:05  
Didn't work.

Coach  3:08  
No. And I think, One, I think part of the reason why it didn't work is because we need to focus on stopping the behavior. Part of that is before you can get in, I know that, I know that you really wanted to connect his love for Darth Vader to the learning. And I think that is great. But before we can do that, we have to like redirect the behavior and connect that in a productive way. Okay, so how do we redirect the behavior? That's the big question. You have to think about how can we tell Ethan what we nee him  to do, which is to contribute, but to do it in a way that's respectful, specific to what the behavior is. And short. We don't have a lot of time time, it's a lot of time that we that we're spending on behaviors, and a lot of time and a lot of work that we need to get done. So I'm going to read you in another... another example, and we're going to try to rework this to a way that we're actually telling Ethan what we want him to do.

Teacher  4:27  
Okay.

Coach  4:27  
So in the beginning, Ethan was playing video games, or making video game sounds. You said even want to have a big collaborative group this group instruction, so I really want you to be engaged as well. Did we tell Ethan to stop making noises? 

Teacher  4:46  
No.

Coach  4:47  
No, so that's where we have to start. Okay, how can we communicate to Ethan that the behaviors that he's showing are actually not the behaviors that we need at this moment? Short and specific. So what do we need to say to do to move him through this behavior?

Teacher  5:04  
Yeah, I know that this is like definitely an area that for me that I'm like I struggle in like probably the most, so it this is very helpful to like have this reflective moment so I'm just trying to think like what should I do and then how to like make it respectful this is this is like an area that I'm like, not as confident in.

Coach  5:40  
So I'm gonna model it for you. Ethan, please stop making video game sounds. Ethan, please stop making video game sounds. If he's whistling, Ethan please stop whistling. If he's doing Darth Vader impersonations: Ethan, please stop making Darth Vader sounds, and then connect him back to the learning.

Teacher  6:14  
Okay. So that's fine, we can do things like very specific to the point just like that?

Coach  6:22  
Very specific to the point. It's short, it's succinct. So it shortens your talk time so that you can get back to learning.

Teacher  6:31  
Okay.

Coach  6:31  
It's totally okay to say, Ethan please stop. Please stop, I don't know, making Darth Vader sounds.

Teacher  6:41  
That's very, very helpful. Thank you. Because like, it's one thing to watch a video of somebody doing it, and to like read a book. And then like actually experiencing it and getting feedback on that is very helpful. Because again, this is an area that I know personally. My goal for this semester is to improve and because it's one thing to like, again, see it, read about it, learn about it, and actually go through it.

Coach  7:06  
Absolutely. So let's actually practice this again. So what you're going to do, we're going to look at what the behavior is, and add the please stop.

Teacher  7:15  
Okay.

Coach  7:16  
He's swinging beads, please stop swinging beads. He's throwing a pen, please stop throwing the pen. Because the shorter and more succinct it is, the less weight the less strenuous it is on us as educators and the less like we like highlight and focus on the behavior.

Teacher  7:38  
Okay.

Coach  7:38  
If it comes up, it's not as major. So let's get back into the simulation.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
