Coach  0:01  
How'd that feel for you? 

Participant  0:03  
It felt pretty good. 

Coach  0:04  
Yeah, I thought so too. I thought you did a great job of like being timely about your redirections and making sure that you're like on top of them. And giving those redirections directly to Ethan did a great job there. What we'll work on today is I want to work on being specific with what you say. Because you did a lot of using the word quiet. And that is a really interesting word because we can be quiet and still make noise. Right? I think what you're asking for is for us to actually have our voices off. Okay. And I'll give you an example here. He was playing video games. And he said, Ethan, it sounds like you're the one making the noise. I need you to be quiet so that we could hear each other. Luckily Ethan took that as voices were off, because they're it and he turned his voice off. There is moments when that won't happen. And student can be combative and respond with I am being quiet. So how can we be very specific about our redirections? And about what we what we need from students in a clearing short way? How would you change? Knowing what you know now? How would you change your direction?

Participant  1:25  
Yeah, I think so when he starts making noise, because I did notice that he kept saying like, oh, I thought I was being quiet. So just being more specific about being quiet means voices are at zero. And we're completely silent and listening to people next to us. 

Coach  1:39  
Yeah. So maybe instead of Ethan I need you to be quiet, to Ethan voices at zero. Yeah. I also want to give you a sentence stem, because there's going to be time when Ethan makes noises or any students make noises and they're off task. And it's not exactly like, following the norms. Alright, we're going to do some examples. I'm Ethan and I am going to show a behavior and I want you to tell me, what would you say that's short and specific in order to redirect this behavior? They're playing with beads

Participant  2:29  
Ethan and put the beads down and push them to me please.

Coach  2:34  
That's a lot Ethan put the beads down and push them to the please. What if we change that to Ethan p lease stop swinging the beads. So Ethan please stop swinging the beads and the sentence stem that I want you to take away is it Ethan or so and so please stop. And then the behavior. So it's Ethan please stop swinging the beads. Ethan please stop drumming. Let's try another one. I'm going to do another behavior. Hey Dev watch out.

Participant  3:13  
Ethan stop doing that. 

Coach  3:16  
Stop doing that. What's that? 

Participant  3:18  
Ethan stop hitting Dev with the pencil.

Coach  3:22  
Yes, Ethan stop hitting Dev with the pencil Ethan. Stop playing with the pencil. That would work too. Let's see one more behavior. I have a text message. 

Participant  3:35  
Ethan put the phone away. 

Coach  3:37  
Ethan put the phone away. That's short, is specific. And it's direct. So quick stop there. So now we're going to try this again in the simulation, but what were out two takeaways. One, we're not going to use the word quiet because that's not specific enough. And two as much as possible, try to use a sentence stem please stop and then the behavior. Look at what the behavior is identify it and say please stop and then the behavior

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
