Coach  0:00  
Okay, Teacher, I know that you have now done this twice in a row for two days. But this time we get to have coaching. So talk to me about that experience for you. What was something that you feel like you did well? 

Teacher  0:13  
Um, I feel like I did a good job keeping us on topic. 

Coach  0:18  
I agree. And I loved how after you did a redirection, you immediately tried to return to norms. You were going really quickly into like, Okay, now, can you tell us why that's important? 

Teacher  0:30  
Yeah. 

Coach  0:30  
It was great, so that the conversation redirected really quickly. 

Teacher  0:34  
Yeah. 

Coach  0:35  
One thing that I want to work with you on is being a little bit more specific about the pronouns that you're using. So, a lot of the time you will give a redirection where you say, we're going to do this. And sometimes it can be confusing for students to say, we're going to sit quietly. If I'm like, Yeah, you can go sit quietly, Teacher, have fun with that. I'm going to keep doing my thing over here. So instead of saying, for example, Ethan we're going to be body still. Something you could say to Ethan when he's moving that is more precise to him?

Teacher  1:16  
Um, I guess just like, sort of, like direct it to like, Ethan you need to be body still like say you and just make it more direct? 

Coach  1:23  
Yeah, even you need to be body still. Ethan, please stop dancing. Ethan, please stop moving. Something like that can allow you to just be really quick and then move on again much faster. 

Teacher  1:36  
Yeah.

Coach  1:38  
So Let's retry the drumming example. So here I said in the scenario when Ethan was drumming, you said Ethan, what do you think I'm gonna say about drumming? We can loop that in with our whistling. Instead, I'm going to try drumming. And I want you to be as specific as possible. 

Teacher  1:56  
Okay.

Coach  2:04  
Bum Bum Bum. What did you say? I'm excited. 

Teacher  2:06  
What do you think I'm gonna say about the drumming. I was doing the first part the same, but then I was just gonna say, how about loop drumming in with your whistling? And we'll use that for our separate time. 

Coach  2:16  
So I think you can even shorten that. I think you can cut some of the time out of your direction. To just say something like, Ethan, please don't drum until recess. 

Teacher  2:27  
Okay. 

Coach  2:28  
And then that way you can move on because you do such a good job of being like, now can we go back to norms, and you can just get to that a little bit faster. 

Teacher  2:36  
Okay. 

Coach  2:37  
Okay, so let's try another one. *Whistling*

Teacher  2:41  
Ethan, I need you to hold off on the whistling and you can whistle during recess.

Coach  2:46  
Great. And then why don't you say after that Teacher to bring me back into the discussion.

Teacher  2:52  
I would just say can you think of any ideas to add to our class norm discussion?

Coach  2:57  
Teacher, 10 out of 10. And then this will move you so quickly, that you don't even have to worry about asking Ethan to go sit in the corner? Or do you need to go take a brain break in the hall or something? Because you're just going to keep the pace moving so fast, by being really specific to Ethan and using, like the second person instead of the large way. So Teacher, before we have the opportunity to try this again. Do you have any questions? Do you want to do another practice? What would be most helpful to you?

Teacher  3:31  
Um, I don't know. I mean, I feel like I don't know. Because it's like, this is like, the amount of things where I'm like, it's like helpful, too, because it like makes me think more about like, the language I use and how I'm saying things. Yeah, I just thinking more of like, I guess because I'm at school right now. I'm like, like, okay, like, how would this work? Because I know like, it's just like, Kid dependent, like, depends on what works best for each kid. So I'm just like, alright, like, remember, like, each kid's different. So 

Coach  4:05  
Oh, for sure. So the skill you and I are practicing is not a skill that is universal to every single student. 

Teacher  4:13  
Yeah

Coach  4:13  
I like to think of this as a strategy in your tool belt, but rarely the panacea for all classroom management. 

Teacher  4:22  
Yeah. But other than that, all good.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
