Coach  0:01  
All right, participant, how did you feel about that classroom norms simulation? 

Participant  0:07  
Um, they definitely ramped it up from last time. Um, I feel like, I probably need to do better at controlling my face. Um, cuz like, I do find it entertaining. I'm not like, bothered or frustrated by it. I'm more like, entertained by it, even though not exactly what we're supposed to be doing. Um, I would say it's like, this type of situation is very similar to my student teaching classroom right now. Just yeah, a lot of different things going through the students brains. 

Coach  0:46  
Yeah. So let's think I definitely noticed that you weren't frustrated, which is good. Because typically, like repore might be better when the teacher is not frustrated or super angry. But we also want to make sure that the students recognize that the behavior they're doing is not acceptable. So we really want to make sure sometimes that we give them a specific redirection. And so I wanted to look back at kind of one of the behaviors. So for sorry, I'm trying to find. Okay, so, um, for Ethan when he was doing his Darth Vader impersonation, and you said, Ethan, it's Jasmine's turn to talk now, so let's give her a chance. And then he just kind of can, he just starts continuing, like Darth But when you need, you know, Luke Skywalker, and you're like, I love Star Wars too. And I need you to focus right now. And he's like, I am focusing. So by providing a more specific redirection rather than necessarily saying Jasmine's talking, or I need you to focus. When we provide a specific redirection to a student, we can tell them exactly like what we want them to stop doing, for example, something like Ethan, stop talking to like Darth Vader right now, because we're talking about classroom norms. And that way, we can just provide a really specific redirection to him, that doesn't leave any room for confusion, because he wasn't picking up on the like more subtle cues to like, let Jasmine talk or to be focused. So how do you think that just telling him to, like, Ethan, stop Darth Vader noises right now. And you know, I love Star Wars, too, but I need you to focus, do you see a difference between the two? How might the specific redirect should be a little bit clearer for a student like Ethan.

Participant  2:38  
Ethan probably doesn't see that he's doing anything wrong. Like he's, he might still be actually listening and stuff. But like, he doesn't realize that by making noises and whatever, he's distracting everybody else, including me.

Coach  2:52  
Right? Sometimes students aren't necessarily like outwardly defiant when they're doing these behaviors. And so they just need that specific redirection so that they recognize that like, oh, I can focus, but everyone else can't right. And you brought up a good point. And that way, if when you give him that specific redirection, you're able to spend more time on the discussion of like, the actual class because the teacher is not distracted to redirect him either. So um, when he starts drumming, you just, like, we're gonna wait till you're ready. Okay, thank you. But he was still drumming. Right? So if he's drumming instead of saying, you know, like, Okay, we'll wait, and then pivoting on and it's such a time when you have such a short narrow window, what could you ask him to do?

Participant  3:42  
Maybe clasp his hands and put them on the desk.

Coach  3:45  
Yeah, even clasp your hands. So that way you can, then you'll put them on the desk and stop drumming. Right. And that way you can say clasp your hands, that gives him a specific direction. And he can't drum with his hands clasped. And so if I'm a student in your classroom, and I am not paying attention to our classroom, or maybe I am paying attention to the classroom norms, but I'm reading a book to what could you say to me?

Participant  4:10  
Close the book and put it on your desk?

Coach  4:12  
Yeah, so you're just like close the book, but on your desk, and you can even bring the students back in by saying like, instead you have a norm to contribute or something. And that way, I saw you a couple times, like saying, Are we ready, you know, you were trying to pull them back in but instead just give them that specific redirection that tells them what they need to stop doing or what they like you know, with Ethan the clasping your hands still kind of gets at the stop in a slightly more positive way. You know, Ethan clasp your hands or put the book down. But those are really short, specific redirections will help kind of keep you on task. And also make it clear to a student who might just not be picking up on those little cues or might not recognize that they're doing anything wrong. Yeah, any questions? 

Participant  4:59  
No. 

Coach  5:00  
Okay cool well we will be ready for their second round then so thank you um I hope that's a helpful tip for you and in school but also this next round

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
