Coach  0:01  
Alright, let me start my timer real quick. How did you think that went?

Teacher  0:08  
It went, it went, okay. I, I find myself always like struggling to kind of redirect students even now in my placement. Like, they'll start off quiet. And then like, once we, like, say we're doing morning meeting and we're at the activity portion, once I give them directions, they do that activity, but it's hard to in between, like, get them to focus or, like, refocus on what we're talking about. Um, I just have a hard time like redirecting kids, I think.

Coach  0:34  
You say that you have a hard time. I do think that you are successfully able to redirect them because you were able to, like, address Ethan's behavior and to get him to stop. But, um, what is it that you think you might struggle with exactly?

Teacher  0:51  
Um, I guess it's just, I don't know, I guess it's like, I don't know. I mean, sure, if they continue to do the behavior, the distracting behavior, that's not necessarily, like, my fault, but it's just, like, what do you do? You know, because I know, in some cases, someone might become frustrated and, like, well, I know it's a simulation, so I'm not gonna get frustrated. But it's also like, what more can I say? Like, what is another way that I can try to, like, redirect them or get them to um-

Coach  1:18  
So I think that's exactly what we can work on then is figuring out another way to redirect them. You were redirecting them, and you were providing them with, like a lot of information when you've redirected them with, you know, providing with we're about to focus our mouths. Our ears are listening. We're not talking about superheroes. But I think to move our conversation along about classroom norms, we can just try to give that redirection in a slightly more specific and succinct way. So if we think about at the end, when Ethan was doing those impersonations, you say "Ethan, again, let's focus on what we're doing right now. It's not appropriate time to talk about anything other than our classroom norms. No sleep, superhero talk, no, guess who I am". And you said a little bit more than that. I just couldn't quite type this fast. So what might be a way we can just reframe that so it's still specific to redirect Ethan, but it's just not quite as long?

Teacher  2:18  
Could I just be like, Ethan now isn't an appropriate time to discuss superheroes? Or no, that's also getting long? 

Coach  2:27  
Well, that that was just I mean, that was appropriate. What you did there like "Ethan, now is not an appropriate time to discuss superheroes". You addressed him by name, and you told him what to stop doing. And if you made it even shorter, you could just say, Ethan, stop talking about superheroes.

Teacher  2:45  
Right.

Coach  2:45  
And so how could we then take that redirection? And then pull him back into the conversation to discuss classroom norms?

Teacher  2:57  
I could just call on him next and ask him okay, Ethan, like what kind of things would you like to see in your classroom? How can you be like a respectful classmate? Or how can you show your classmates that you're respectful of them in their time?

Coach  3:12  
That's exactly right. You could choose any of those three things to where after you provide that specific and succinct redirection, you could then pivot to pull him into the conversation. So we can practice. And I usually have a book with me, but I don't right now. So I'm going to pretend my napkin is book. So I'm going to be a student in your classroom, and I'm reading.

Teacher  3:38  
Okay. All right, Coach. Now isn't the time for reading. Ee are working on our classroom norms. So if you could put the book away- I did it long again. I could just say "Can you put the book away? Now isn't the time for reading" or something like that.

Coach  3:53  
Yes. So you just tell me, Coach, one thing that we could do to slightly even improve on that is to not ask it as a question, but just to say, Jamie, put your book away. And then pivot to that, what you were getting into with "What's the way to be respectful to your students?" I like the way you are to your classmates, that was another good way of saying that. So let's practice again. I have pulled out nail polish and and I'm painting my nails.

Teacher  4:22  
Alright, Coach, put the nail polish away. Can you actually, what? What kind of classroom? What kind of rules or norms would you want in our classroom? How can you be respectful classmates?

Coach  4:35  
That's exactly right. You call me by name? You really specifically told me what to stop doing. You didn't ask that as a question, and you were able to like make it brief and redirect to that conversation about dorms pretty quickly. So in this next round, we just want to think about providing redirections to students in a way that is more succinct and specific so that you can spend more time talking about the classroom norms. 

Teacher  5:01  
Okay.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
