Coach  0:01  
Hey, so how did that feel? 

Participant  0:03  
Um pretty okay, I've done this same simulation before. So I felt more prepared this time with him acting out. 

Coach  0:14  
Well, that's good that it did not didn't come as a shock to you, because sometimes Ethan  can definitely shock people. 

Participant  0:20  
The last time I, I remember just freezing up and not knowing what to do, because I was not expecting that. 

Coach  0:27  
So I Yeah, totally makes sense. But I wanted to just compliment you on your tone and your presence with Ethan. Because you stayed consistent the whole time, you're gonna present with him stay consistent the whole time. And that's really good to make sure that we're staying on with students, even if they're exhibiting behaviors. So we're going to work on today is I want to work on like, what do we say to students when they're doing these behaviors? And why is it important? What do we say to them when they're doing this? And how can we say to them as specific and clearly as possible, so that we can move on and get back to learning. So you had to give a specific redirection for some of Ethan's behaviors. So like, for example, whistling was specific redirection for not whistling Like how can we tell someone to stop a way to tell a student Stop whistling in as few words as possible? 

Participant  1:47  
Please stop whistling, 

Coach  1:50  
Please stop whistling, right. Because in in your, what you were doing was you started off with like, big statements. Ethan, we're not going to be doing that while the teacher was talking. We're just going to be respectful and not talk over me or your peers. And by the end of it, you got so exhausted, your response was already been. So a way to making sure so that we're not exuding all that energy, like saying like these long statement is very being very specific with the behaviors. So please Stop whistling Ethan please stop drumming. Goes all work. Okay. So now, let's practice that. I'm going to be a student and I'm going to be exuding behaviors. You're going to in your various short and specific way. Tell me what I'm doing. And please stop. So you have to identify what the behavior isn't and ask them to please stop. We're starting now by the way.

Participant  3:01  
Please stop playing with the beads. Don't throw the pencils. 

Coach  3:20  
Okay, okay. Sorry. End scene.

Coach  3:26  
So as much as possible. We're going to just please stop throwing the pencils. Please stop playing with the beads. We're focusing on working right now. So the purpose of this is to be able to redirect students without having to use so much energy and talk time, but being as respectful to the students as possible and as calm with students as possible. Okay. Try it again in your second simulation.

