Coach  0:00  
Okay, great. So I'm just getting my timer ready. So that we can do I can time myself for five minutes with coaching. 

Participant  0:06  
Okay.

Coach  0:10  
 I had it on silent so that I couldn't hear it. Okay. There we go. All right. Um, so why don't we start with you telling me a little bit about how it felt for you, what you think went well, and what you think was more challenging?

Participant  0:21  
Okay. Um, yeah, I think it went, well, I think it's weird always to like, kind of come in with like, no context to these simulations. So I think that like I think kind of like, right off the bat, I wanted to like set a norm for like a discussion. And I think I probably could have done a better job with, like, letting them know, what I wanted it to look like. And I don't know, I think I always kind of have trouble with. Like, I don't want to be too strict with kids, but also, like, you gotta keep them on track. And so like, I don't want to be mean, when I'm like, correcting them. But I also don't want them to think that I'm, like, not serious about it.

Coach  1:03  
Yeah, I think you actually did a really great job with that balance, like your tone of voice was always kind of upbeat and calm, but assertive at the same time. So I want to encourage you to keep doing it. Because I think that achieves exactly what you're talking about where it's like, I'm not being mean to you, I care about you, you know, but I am serious about what I'm saying. So I think you did a really wonderful job at that. In terms of the first part that you were saying about this sort of like wanting to tell them what you were expecting and all that. I think that's like, totally the right instinct, you always want to make sure that your expectations are clear to students beforehand, because otherwise, it's kind of unfair to them, you know, to be like, well, you're not meeting my expectations. And so certainly, that that's really important. And for the purposes of this particular scenario, not that it's like, you should only ever practice this, but just to sort of make this like a focused practice. We want this to be about an additional tool, which is that, okay, imagine you've already given those expectations, then, you know, what do you do if a student still  isn't meeting them. And so for that, I think you did a really nice job, you know, responding to every student that wasn't meeting, you know, you didn't say what they were, but wasn't meeting sort of normal expectations for class. And for the most part, the redirections, that you gave, were quite specific. So you told them very clearly, you know, voices off something observable, that they can understand that there's no room for ambiguity. So I want you to keep doing that as well, alongside your lovely tone of voice. thing they want you to try differently for next time is that for many of them, especially the ones that were like Dev, talking about superheroes and Ethan, impersonating, you waited quite a while, were you just sort of like sitting and listening. And I'm imagining you were trying to figure out like, what's happening right now? Does was that true? 

Participant  2:55  
Yeah.

Coach  2:56  
And so I totally understand that because you, of course, like, need to know what's going on to decide, Is it appropriate? And what do I say, but it also leaves a lot of time, that you're not able to discuss classroom norms, and that you're sort of like this student is like, oh, yeah, superheroes. So I want to encourage you to try to respond a lot quicker. And if you have the sort of phrases that you use a lot like voices off things like that, you can use that even when you don't know exactly what the misbehavior is that they're doing. Now, of course, don't don't jump, like the second that you hear anyone talk before you know if it is on task or not, because that would be inappropriately responding to a student who may be on task. But but just shortening that that time a little bit. Does that make sense? 

Participant  3:39  
Yeah, absolutely. 

Coach  3:40  
Okay. Do you have any questions about that? 

Participant  3:43  
Um, I don't think so. I think that's really helpful feedback.

Coach  3:47  
Great. So before I send you back in to do that, in the simulation context, I'm going to give you a chance to practice with me so I will be an off task student, I'm gonna try to do something like complicated talking so that you can try to jump in sort of sooner rather than later. 

Participant  4:02  
Okay. 

Coach  4:03  
Alright. And you can call me Arielle to like, tell me to stop or whatever, or you can call me, Ethan or, you know, whatever works for you. All right. So hey, Teacher, Teacher, I want to tell you about my summer vacation. It was so exciting. I had this and I -

Participant  4:19  
Arielle hang on we're talking about classrooms right now. So let's keep our voices off. And let's pay attention to who's talking.

Coach  4:26  
Perfect. And I could tell you were hesitant to like, part of it is also you don't want to like talk over students too. And so that's what you did with was excellent. Because you you didn't just start talking and say like, Don't do this. You said my name made sure you had my attention and then you continue. And that's exactly the right thing. So that you can make sure that you're not you know, having a long speech on top of a student but you are sort of stopping them and getting their attention early on. Great. Well, that's pretty much the end of our time. Do you have any last thought questions before we go back?

Participant  5:01  
I don't think so.

Coach  5:03  
Okay, great. So, the we're gonna do the exact same thing again, imagining that you're starting from the beginning. So you don't need to introduce yourself all the things that I told you before still applied. And you're welcome to take a minute or two to sort of collect yourself on your thoughts and just let me know when you're ready to start. 

Participant  5:20  
Okay, I think I'm all set

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
