Coach  0:01  
All right Ramiq. Thank you for that. 

Teacher  0:04  
Mhm.

Coach  0:04  
One thing I do want to note real quick is your volume was going a little bit in and out.

Teacher  0:10  
Okay.

Coach  0:10  
I noticed it was better when you were positioned closer. So,

Teacher  0:13  
Okay.

Coach  0:14  
you might want to do that, because sometimes I saw your lips moving, but not quite your audio, but that's irrelevant to the rest of this. How did you think that was other than that? Because you didn't know that was an issue.

Teacher  0:28  
It was-it was okay. I feel like I don't know. It's-it's different when you're, when you're like talking to avatars then talking to actual kids, you know what I mean? Because they I mean, they they feel you. It's a-it's a, you know, a human kind of thing.

Coach  0:45  
But sometimes there are those instances where the students aren't quite picking up on our maybe more subtle cues. So-

Teacher  0:52  
Right.

Coach  0:52  
I think our simulation really helps with that. One thing I noticed that you did was that you stayed really calm. And I-one thing that was great was you really had the students try to lead the norms conversation. You didn't come in saying, these are my norms that I want, which is really great, because that really shows that the students have the buy in in the classroom. So if we think about Ethan in this simulation, I noticed you kept trying to pull him into the conversation by asking him for some norms. And that might be one of those things that in a lot of children might pick up on that as their cue to become more involved. But not all students are going to act that way. And some students might act like Ethan in this sim.

Right.

So we can think about how we can give him maybe a more like a specific redirection before we ask him to then contribute to our norms discussion, because some students just like Ethan, this avatar, might not pick up on those cues to engage in our class discussion and stop what they're doing. So what do you think a way we could give Ethan some sort of specific redirection about his misbehavior before asking him, you know, Ethan, do you have a classroom norm to contribute? Because when he was drumming, he was like nope! 

Teacher  2:10  
Right.

Coach  2:11  
So what can we maybe say before but then still pull him back in the conversation?

Teacher  2:17  
Well, normally, when, when it comes to like doing it in the classroom...it's easier to like call out like what another student is doing, that they should be doing? Normally, it's like, woah, maybe I should be doing that.

Coach  2:35  
Right. Some positive narration is definitely one skill, but some-for some, like sometimes positive narration does work. And that kind of goes with those like subtle, more subtle cues that we're talking about. But sometimes, we might need to give a student a specific redirection, especially if they're not picking up on those subtle cues, or we know that they're a student that might just not intentionally be doing things that are disruptive. And so sometimes, if we just quickly redirect them with this really specific redirection that has no room for confusion, like if he's drumming, we can just be like, hey, Ethan, stop drumming right now. But instead, can you contribute a classroom norm? So that way it's just a really specific redirection that tells him what we want him to stop doing. But we're also not like, it's not being belaboured. He's not being embarrassed in front of the whole class or anything like that, that we're still pulling him back into the conversation. Right? But do you understand how that might help for an avatar student like Ethan or a real student like Ethan? 

Teacher  3:38  
Yeah.

Coach  3:40  
Because sometimes they just need that explicit redirection. Like in the beginning, when he's whistling? Um, I, like you said, I think you're being a distraction to others. We can't hear what others are saying. And so he said, Okay, I'll quiet-I'll do it quieter. And so he isn't recognizing that his whistling should stop. He was just like, oh, I'll be quiet. Jasmine should hear if I'm quiet. And then he kept whistling, right?

Teacher  4:04  
Right.

Coach  4:05  
So in that situation, what could we what could we have said maybe beyond? You know, that might be a distraction. How could we give them a little bit more specific of a redirection?

Teacher  4:15  
Well, like for me, normally, it's like, hey, I need you to stop and it stops automatically. I mean, and I feel like, I feel like it's different in certain aspects, especially when like, you're like a male teacher with a deeper voice, like, kids are bound to listen to it or hear it or stop what they're doing because they know that they're doing something that they shouldn't be.

Coach  4:34  
Yeah, and I think what you're saying is exactly right, you can just be quick and be like, hey, Ethan, I need you to stop whistling. Instead, can you you know, what's a classroom norm that you might be able to share? Or something like that? And I think sometimes, and I definitely think there's like a different dynamic and you're like, I'm a male, I got a male voice in the elementary classroom. I, I've worked with a lot of males and I see there, there's different, you know, dynamics that come into play there. And I I think that just as quickly like you did, like, Hey, I'm gonna need you to stop that right now. And that's-

Teacher  5:03  
Right.

Coach  5:03  
You're not being mean, you're not embarrassing them. But so if I'm a student, and I am pick up my book, and I start reading, what could you say to me?

Teacher  5:15  
If you were reading?

Coach  5:17  
Yeah, so I'm not paying any attention to you, but I'm reading.

Teacher  5:20  
Okay, well, then I would say, can you not read right now? It's, it's, I-I'm glad that you're interested. What did you say?

Coach  5:32  
I'm really enjoying my book.

Teacher  5:35  
Well, then I'd call I'd call the name. And I'd say, I'd asked what we were doing right now. Just to see just to see if, like, cuz, I mean, especially now there's, there's kids that get distracted with things but are paying attention. But they have those things where they like fidget with, with other things. And I feel like it's it's such a different dynamic now, especially with taking those things into account.

Coach  6:03  
Yeah, so you could and you know, you could say my name and say, like, Jamie, could you put your book away, or put, you know, and just address that, like, I've got a book and you, that's not what we're doing right now, right? But we want to make sure that we like address the behavior. So in this next round, remember that these are some avatars so they might be some of those students in elementary school that are not intentionally being defiant, but they might just not pick up on some of those more subtle cues because we have those in elementary school for sure. And just think about how you can give some of those specific redirections.

Teacher  6:37  
Right, okay.

Coach  6:38  
Okay.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
