TeachSIM Staff  0:01  
Okay, so Teacher, tell me what that experience was like for you. 

Teacher  0:05
Um, it was really frustrating when Ethan kept talking and no, don't listen to my directions the first time and I couldn't like, tell him to, it wasn't like, I could tell him to like, go go for a walk, or, you know, because this is not real situation. I don't think I was able to, like manage the classroom well, like effectively, I felt kinda. Yeah, I didn't know what to do.

TeachSIM Staff  0:40  
Well, that is what I am here for, so Teacher, I am going to be your partner in this. And we're going to make sure that next time you feel way more confident of how to respond when there is a student who is engaging in off task behaviors. Because I will say like, I have also worked in schools that have had the role of you can't send a student out. So what you and I are going to talk about is how we can make sure that you are giving a specific redirection that is really precise to the exact behavior you want to see stop. And what you did beautifully. Anytime a behavior started, you were on it, you were responding so quickly, which is really important because it allows you to maximize your instructional time. What I want you to do in the next round, is make sure that your redirection is specific to the exact behavior that's happening. So for example, when Ethan was playing video games at the beginning of class, what you said to him was, Ethan, when I'm talking, you need to be listening. Now, if I'm a kid, I might think that it's possible to be listening to you while I play video games. So what's something specific that you think you could have said instead? 

Teacher  2:03
Stop playing video games? 

TeachSIM Staff  2:05
Beautiful. Yeah, beautiful. Because you are being really clear about exactly what is the behavior that you need to see change. I think you can then bounce back from that really quickly with, Ethan, stop playing video games. Instead, what's a classroom norm, you can share? And then you kind of move on really quickly, so that you're still engaging the student but in a more positive way. So let's do a little practice. I'm going to be an off task student, and I want you to try to redirect me. Okay?

Teacher  2:37
All right. 

TeachSIM Staff  2:39
I think I checked a nail. Does anyone have any clippers? Or like a file? Yeah, do you have a file? Or, or clippers? I would take either one.

Teacher  2:51  
Wait, wait, can you redo that? Can we restart? Sorry.

TeachSIM Staff  2:54
Absolutely. Absolutely. Um, I'm going to come up with another behavior. Oh, I think I'm gonna braid my hair. I don't know. It's getting kind of long. Do you want to help me try to braid it? It's just so hard to get a hot, yeah, yeah. Can you help me?

Teacher  3:13
Stop touching your hair and give your attention to me, because I'm going to be talking about something very important for class right now. Is that, 

TeachSIM Staff  3:23
yeah, I can give you my attention. But I still just, I want my hair to be taken care of. 

Teacher  3:28
You can do that during recess, or after school. Okay? 

TeachSIM Staff  3:32
Gorgeous. So Teacher. Okay, so what you did super well was you at the beginning told me, I need you to stop playing with your hair that got me to change my physical behavior. But then I continued to talk about it. So what you did really well was that you offered me an alternate time when I could talk about it. And let's not talk about your hair right now. Instead, we can talk about that at recess. That is really specific, because it gives me as a student, something really concrete that I can understand. And that I feel like I know what Teacher is looking for in this situation. So when we try again, what I want you to do is try to be as specific as possible to the exact behavior that you see. So instead of saying, please listen, try to say please stop talking. Please stop playing video games, something like that. That is just really precise to that behavior. So before we try round two, and then it'll be just like trying again from the beginning. Do you have any questions before we get started? 

Teacher  4:43
No, I don't think.

TeachSIM Staff  4:45
Okay, you got this.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
