Teacher  0:00  
Awesome. 

TeachSIM Staff  0:02
How's it for you?

Teacher  0:04  
I feel pretty good. It's always different. I just feel like interacting virtually than with real students. Just like little things. It's harder not to know students and like know what works for them. And I know in this simulation, it's the first day of school. So I guess you'd be getting to the students anyway. But overall, I mean, it felt pretty okay, sometimes. I don't know, it can be difficult to, I feel like it is representative of like, you, there are certain situations where it's just kind of takes longer to get where you're trying to go, because of disruptions, but you know, just part of it. 

TeachSIM Staff  0:43  
So I actually thought that you started off really strong, and I was like, Oh, is she planning this, she's just going to focus and you started off. And Ethan was doing video games or playing video games or something along those lines. You got Ethan voices off. And that was both calm and was timely, it was specific. So you did a really great job there. I actually want in this conversation, I want to push you to continue to use the short, succinct, specific redirections. Because like even said he can't go anywhere. He's a simulation. So and oftentimes in the classroom, like when five minute simulation, we usually give students more than, like more grace, before we tell them to go take a break. So trying to be mindful of giving those short succinct specific redirections as much as possible. Because if we can keep them really short, specific unclear, we can move on to learning and they're less of a dis, it becomes less of a distraction or less of a lift for us to have to redirect them. Use why because if they're not short and specific, they take up a lot of time. So when Ethan starts whistling, you said Ethan, do you have any ideas for a classroom norm that we can set, Ethan continues whistling. Well, I'm sure you enjoy whistling but I'm sure that they are, you're also distracting your peers. So let's focus on, let's save that for some other time. We can continue discussing. So that takes a lot of time to do, you start off with a good redirection strategy. Do you have any other ideas and that will work well in a classroom? This scenario, we really want to focus on really getting clear, short, specifically directions. So if Ethan was whistling, what's a clear short or specific redirection that we could ask Ethan to do? 

Teacher  3:07  
Um, let me think so. Would just like asking him to answer like the question that we're talking about, would it be something like that? Or, I don't know. I'm trying to think, what do you think?

TeachSIM Staff  3:23  
No problem. So in the classroom, you can ask a redirection, like, like you can do, do you have any ideas of, of a classroom norm that we can set? In the classroom that works, but for this specific scenario, we really want to work on being tight on being specific. Very specific on what we're asking. So here it would be something like Ethan, please stop whistling. Did you hear me? Are we frozen? 

Teacher  4:07
can you hear me? 

TeachSIM Staff  4:08
Okay, I can hear you now. 

Teacher  4:13  
Okay. Sorry. My Wi-Fi isn't great. So sometimes it does this.

TeachSIM Staff  4:19  
Okay, no worries. So an example of what we can say if Ethan is whistling would be Ethan, please stop whistling. Thank you.

Teacher  4:54
Can you hear me now? 

TeachSIM Staff  4:55
I can hear you there.

Teacher  4:57  
Okay, perfect. That happens again. Sorry about that.

TeachSIM Staff  5:04  
Okay, so third time's a charm, I promise. So a clear specific redirection for Ethan if he's whistling would be something like, Ethan, please stop whistling. Okay?

Teacher  5:22  
Awesome.

TeachSIM Staff  5:24  
So what we're gonna do is I'm going to practice with you. And so what you're gonna focus on, you need to focus on looking at what the behavior is and then saying, Ethan, please stop and then the behavior. For example, Ethan, please stop whistling, or Ethan, please stop drumming. Those are two examples. Okay? So now look at the Ethan. Look, it's helicopter.

Teacher  5:55  
Ethan, please stop swinging the jump rope.

TeachSIM Staff  6:11  
Okay, I'm gonna give it one more time. Teacher, can you hear me?

Teacher  6:26
I can't hear you. Your video is frozen, but can you hear me? 

TeachSIM Staff  6:33
I can hear you. 

Teacher  6:34
Okay, okay. Let me, I'm gonna see if I can fix my Wi-Fi. Sorry.

TeachSIM Staff  6:42  
Yes, let me know when you're ready.

Teacher  7:22  
Okay, hello. Are we here? 

TeachSIM Staff  7:26
Yeah.

Teacher  7:27
Awesome. Okay, so sorry about that. Hopefully it's fixed. Now I switch networks,  so.

TeachSIM Staff  7:36  
No worries. I'm gonna try one more. One more behavior and then you're going to redirect me.

Teacher  7:43  
Okay. Wait, it was frozen again. Sorry. I'm sorry. Okay, Ethan, please put the pencil down.

TeachSIM Staff  8:09  
Put the pencil down, or Ethan, please stop throwing the pen. What we're going to do is you're going to practice looking at the behavior being very clear and specific with what you want Ethan to support them to stop doing, whether it's please stop talking, please put the pencil down, please put, please stop throwing things. 

Teacher  8:36
Awesome. 

TeachSIM Staff  8:37
Can I try that again? But we're going to do that in the second simulation. 

Teacher  8:40
Okay, perfect. 

TeachSIM Staff  8:42
Before we get started, do you have any questions? Around, before we do any questions? No questions?

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
