Coach  0:01  
All right, so, what did you think about that?

Participant  0:05  
Um, I thought I went, Okay. I think I feel like I've done this simulation a few times. And I knew that like, in particular, Ethan was going to be disruptive. But I felt like in this one, he was a lot more disruptive than the past. So it was kind of, I struggled to kind of shut down his misbehavior, like, immediately, because I felt like in the beginning, I was like, oh, please stop. But then I didn't want to keep like, with every single one, I didn't want to be like, stop, stop, stop. So I didn't like, know how to address those in like different ways. Maybe sort of

Coach  0:43  
thinking, okay, so I noticed similarly, you in the beginning, you gave him a very quick and specific and succinct redirections, you address it, right when he started, you told him exactly what to stop doing. And you said it and really just a few words, so that in those first few minutes, you were really able to kind of control the conversation and ask students for those. So I noticed you did a really good job with that in the beginning. And similar to what you're saying, I kind of noticed where you said, at the end, he became more disruptive and we weren't, you weren't really sure how to redirect it, right? Mm hmm. And so you were saying that you were looking for kind of like different ways to do it. So what are some of the things you said were, you know, that's good to know, I think we can incorporate superheroes, but he kind of kept going on and on about superheroes, so maybe he didn't stop when you?

Participant  1:48  
Um, yeah. Because he I was, like, feeding into it almost.

Coach  1:54  
Yeah. So you could have kind of continued, it might seem repetitive, but it's, it's the most simple and specific redirection that doesn't really leave any room for confusion to just say what you were saying earlier with, like, Ethan, stop talking about superheroes, you could add in something along the lines of You know, like, even we're not talking about superheroes now. Maybe later, during recess, you can talk to me, so like, you can have something else that maybe makes it seem like you're not so stop, stop, stop, stop. But it's still important to have that specific. Stop what you're doing so that it's very clear to him. Okay. So and then, if so, when he was doing his impersonations at the end, you said Ethan was just we're just or AVA was just talking about how we should be respectful towards others. Does that give him a clear direction to stop what he's doing? Not really. Yeah. Because sometimes, depending on the agency, they might not know that they're not being respectful. They're not doing it to be disrespectful. They're just got some distracted energy going on. So how else might you say that to be a little bit more specific and clear to the student?

Participant  3:10  
Just like, what you think, can you please stop doing impersonations? Ava was just sharing her opinions about being respectful or like Eva, can you continue?

Coach  3:22  
Right? And you, you don't have to go on and on about, you know, to, you know, sugar, not sugar coated, but making, like a stop, stop. It is an option that you can do. But I think the way you just said you know, even stop with the impersonations or even stop with that conversation right now. Um, one I know, you said you're looking for other things, sometimes, we can give students kind of like non verbal cues, especially if we've given them a few stops earlier, you know, we say Ethan, you know, or Ethan, you know, hands to yourself, or Ethan mouths closed, or something that might vary the stop, but it's still direct into the point. So if I'm a student, and I pick up my book, and I start reading, what could you say to me?

Participant  4:13  
Good. Say, could you please put your book down?

Coach  4:16  
Yep. So just say, you know, put your please put your book down. One thing we want to keep in mind is we want us to kind of steer clear or question and kind of stay more with just a statement so that there's less room for, you know, I'm gonna keep reading things though. Yeah. And what if I am at another student and I just turned and I'm like, so um, my birthday is this weekend? Should I have vanilla or chocolate cupcake? I really like Funfetti but I'm not really sure if everyone likes that.

Participant  4:48  
Um, please, or please stop side conversation sign Yeah.

Coach  4:52  
pleases okay. Yeah, and just stop stop talking about your birthday. Instead, give me a norm you know, In that way, you're able to redirect specifically. And I went, I know you said you're worried about the variations and things like that. And sometimes we just need to be as specific and succinct as possible. So in this next round of the simulation, you know that you'll encounter some more behaviors. So just think about how you can continuously provide that specific and sustained redirection. Even if it might seem repetitive. Okay, cool. All right.

