TeachSIM Staff  0:02  
Nice. Let me just finish typing up one last thing you said, that with you. So how did they go? How did they feel?

Teacher  0:20  
It was okay. Excited to see get feedback from a real person this time. 

TeachSIM Staff  0:30  
So you didn't ace it by yourself without the feedback. 

Teacher  0:33
What was that? 

TeachSIM Staff  0:35
So I'm guessing you've done this simulation? Yeah,

Teacher  0:37  
Yeah, we've done the same one. Yeah.

TeachSIM Staff  0:42  
So I actually think you did it really well. And here's why. You were telling Ethan, most of the time exactly what you needed him to do. So Ethan you're not sharing a norm, let's keep our voices at zero. Ask specific. It's, it's a long statement. But it's a specific statement around what you need Ethan to do. So I think that you did really well there. But I want to work on it in these moments where you use voices that zero. Really good, right? Because it's very clear, it's not, it's not, I need you to be quiet, because quiet can be like, I'm still gonna whisper, it's voice is at zero, which means your voice is off. Sort of really like that. And I want you to hold on to that. What I want to work on today is how can we take our longer statements and keep, and get them as short as possible? So we're able to move on to the learning as fast as possible. I'm gonna read you one of your statements that I thought was good, but long. Ethan, so when you're talking, when we're having a conversation, we have our voices all the way down to zero unless we are sharing. Okay, so let's have our voices at zero. How can you make that statement more succinct? How can we make that statement, how can you shorten that statement to make it more succinct?

Teacher  2:17  
And could you actually repeat my my wording of that, please?

TeachSIM Staff  2:22  
Yeah. Ethan, so when we're having a conversation, we have our voices all the way down to zero unless we're sharing. So okay, so let's get our voices down to zero.

Teacher  2:38  
So take. Well, I'll probably just say, we must have, we must have our voices as zero unless we are sharing. And then. So, I don't know, maybe I would just say, unless we're sharing, we have to have our voices at zero and be respectful to listeners, or something like that, but just try to keep it in one sentence. But um, I could probably go more concise. I know this is, this is actually something I know I struggle with. So being concise.

TeachSIM Staff  3:16  
Yeah. So what about Ethan, voices at zero?

Teacher  3:21
Okay. 

TeachSIM Staff  3:23
I just use the bar. That's the, that's the actual directions, Ethan voice at zero. 

Teacher  3:29
Okay. 

TeachSIM Staff  3:32
Oh, right. Here's the, here's the tricky part. When it's not a voice, what do you say? So we're gonna practice that. I think you had a question?

Teacher  3:45  
Oh, no, no, I mean, yeah, to answer your question. If it's not a voice, I will just say noise at zero. If as soon as making noises that what you're saying, is that, was that your question?

TeachSIM Staff  3:58  
We're going to practice it. I'm going to be Ethan, things that's like beyond voices zero. Okay?

Teacher  4:05  
Okay. Oh, so Ethan, put that down, so we can stay focus. I don't. It's something

TeachSIM Staff  4:21  
Yeah, so here I'm gonna give you a sentence stem. Ethan, please stop blank.

Teacher  4:29
Okay.

TeachSIM Staff  4:31
So let's try it again. Please stop and then fill in the blank. So you have to see what the behavior is and say please stop, blank. Look it's AirPlay.

Teacher  4:43  
Ethan please stop swinging your beads and stay focus.

TeachSIM Staff  4:51  
Watch out.

Teacher  4:53  
Ethan put your pencil down and stay focus.

TeachSIM Staff  4:59  
Oh I have a text message.

Teacher  5:01  
Oh Ethan put your phone away. And let's stay focus.

TeachSIM Staff  5:06  
Okay, you like that list of stay focus? Because you could even get rid of that and say,

Teacher  5:11  
Yeah, I'm just worried. I don't know. I feel like it, that will just open the door for other distractions, but you do. So I'm getting a good idea that just saying, stop that is enough, then you should be,

TeachSIM Staff  5:26  
Please stop, put the other, it could be, please, please stop your beads. Please stop doing your pen. Please stop talking. That's to be specific. It can't just be please stop that.

Teacher  5:44  
Okay. 

TeachSIM Staff  5:56
So now let's try this again. This time, we're going to try it in the simulation.

Teacher  5:50  
Okay, and can I actually ask a question before. So I don't know how much this matters in terms of the goal of this, but do, should I ideally, like, make a list of norms with them? Or is this having a conversation about norms and not actually ending at the end of my five minutes, okay, like, should I consolidate their list or like make an actual list? Because I was just going through their norms or asking them any more norms, any more norms, for the purpose of this type.

TeachSIM Staff  6:23  
So the purpose of this is to have them generate the norms, whether or not you write them down and beat them back to them. That's up to you. 

Teacher  6:31
Okay. Got it.

TeachSIM Staff  6:34
So we're gonna try this again. Remember to be, see the behavior and be very succinct.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
