Coach  0:00  
All right, and how did you feel that classroom norm settings?

Participant  0:05  
I've done this simulation before, and it did not go well last time, so I was trying to do classroom norms and classroom behavior expectations that I've learned throughout my internships, like positive reinforcement of students that are doing the correct thing, also giving out rewards. And I know it's not highly recommended, but cold calling when necessary. 

Coach  0:28  
Um so I think that I note I, a lot of the norms that you're establishing, were really great with the class. And I think that those will serve you well in a real classroom, to establish those norms with your students. And I definitely noticed that positive narration, which is a great skill to sometimes use, depending on certain behaviors, Were these students using those positive narrations and the way they are receiving those narrations in the way you would have hoped?

Participant  0:59  
From what I've experienced inside the classroom compared to this simulation, usually, after being coldcalled they would stop.

Coach  1:11  
So let's out let's think about that, like cold call a little bit more. Because I think what you're envisioning your cold call might be, because I saw you like, bringing those students into the conversation. And is that what you mean by cold calling?

Participant  1:27  
Just like, for example, when Ethan was distracting Hey, Ethan, what do you think about what Savannah said? Okay, like putting him on the spot to answer a question that another student has already answered. 

Coach  1:38  
Okay. So I think that that is a great way to bring them in. But sometimes we still need to redirect students explicitly with what we want them to stop doing, if that makes sense. So we can still use that, like, pulling Ethan in by something. But what can we maybe explicitly say to Ethan, when he starts making the video game noises? For example, beyond you know, if he didn't pick up on the positive narration, or when he's not coming back in when we say like, Ethan, what do you think about this? What could we have said maybe prior that makes it a little bit more explicit what we want him to stop doing?

Participant  2:21  
Could you please be quiet while we're talking about these classroom norms? 

Coach  2:27  
Yeah, so you could just say, you know, Ethan, and sometimes we even want to phrase it as a statement instead of a question. So, so just take out the could but like, Ethan, please stop making those noises while we talk about classroom norms. Instead, what do you think about, you know, Jasmine's classroom norm or whatever, however, you might feel you want to pull them back in. Sometimes we just need to address the misbehavior that's happening, because sometimes students especially in maybe the younger grades, they might not even recognize that what they're doing is a problem or distracting to others. Like they might think that their humming is fine, or their video game noises are okay, because they can listen at the same time. So they might not recognize that it's even being disrespectful. So if we think about when you were when Ethan was drumming, you were asking like how best can I support you to establish this classroom norm? And you ask them like, are you respecting what Jasmine and Ava have asked about a quiet classroom? Ethan's like, Yeah, and just kind of keeps drumming. Right. So how else might we give him a specific redirection? For that situation?

Participant  3:46  
Ethan, you're making noise when they're saying that you need they need a silent classroom.

Coach  3:51  
Yeah. Right. So exactly, just, like quickly addressing it when it happens, and just say, you know, even, you're making a lot of noise right now, Jasmine and Eva, have asked for a quiet classroom. And then that, like, you know, then you can kind of see that, like, what he's doing is not respectful to his peers. So that way, he recognizes that what he's doing is not appropriate. So while like those positive narration, or bringing them in with questioning can be a strategy that you might see a lot in your classroom. Sometimes we also just have to like explicitly address the behavior. So if I'm a student, and I have a book, and I've pulled out my book and started reading in class, what could you say to me?

Participant  4:32  
Can you please put down your book? Yeah.

Coach  4:35  
So just telling me to put down my book, because we all have, I was a math teacher and I had students who would love to pull out their books and read and math. And they were like, Oh, I've already finished my work. I know what we're doing. So I just need to say, you know, and please put your book away. This is not the time for that. And so in this next round, we just want to think about how we can address the misbehavior kind of like head on and when it starts happening with just a A specific direction to stop and we'll see how they're doing the round two okay All righty

