TeachSIM  0:00  
Okay, great, we're gonna transition to coaching. So, I just have to set a timer for myself, because that's also going to be five minutes. And, before I give you my thoughts about what I observed, I'd love to hear a little bit about what you think went well - what you thought.

Teacher  0:18  
Yeah, I think I'm gonna -  I am in a second grade class now. And so I, like deal - and we - like classroom management is something that I like, currently is a big kind of, is becoming a, not a hurdle, but part - I was in the fifth grade class in the fall, and it's, it's becoming, it's different - it's a different, this feels different. So, like talking out of turn, and like, examples Ethan gave is something that I've been struggling to, like, master a little bit. And so, I think that the phrase, I use it a lot, and I like it - I like using it because I don't want to shut kids down, right? If they have something they're really excited about, and they want to share, I don't want them to feel like I don't care - I don't want to hear it, right? It's just the timing, right? So it's like, like, Darth Vader impressions, like all this stuff is great, right? Like, if they're excited about it, and they love it, that's great. I love Star Wars too, right? But in the middle of like a fractions unit, probably not the best like moment, right? Like so I think that like trying to pivot those and so it - because it can also be like a great connection. Like point, right? Especially if we share those things, right? And saying, like, "hey, like, let's table it in at recess", like, or "at the like last five minutes of lunch, I'll come to lunch, and I'll hang out, like we can talk about that stuff", or when we got up for dismissal, like we can talk about that stuff or find me in recess, we can talk about that stuff. So, blurting out is like a thing that we try to manage now in my classroom. So, that's a way that I've been trying to pivot a little because it's so hard to - like pacing an instructional time is really, you don't realize how much time you you kind of waste till the end of the lesson, and you're like, "Oh, my God, we've wasted like 15 minutes collectively trying to tell people to like, get it together". So yeah, I think, yeah, so finding that balance was being like, not cutting sheets, shutting kids creativity and expression down, because I don't want to do that. But, I also want to make sure that we're learning and we're pacing, and we get through the lesson and like, we can do it needs to be done, right? We can have fun, right? But we just need - it needs to be productivetoo, right? There's a line there that I'm trying to like, cradle.

TeachSIM  2:28  
Yeah, and I saw you doing that. And so, I could for sure see that you were working really hard to sort of be like, "I connect with that too" or like, you know, "I'm so glad that you're participating". And so, I think the intention there is really great. Like, we certainly don't want to shut students down. And I think you're doing a great job, I just want to highlight also that like the first step is noticing that they're misbehaving and, like, wanting to address it. And so that's like really important because behavior management is hard and it's, like, it's a spectrum. So, just don't sell yourself short. I think the thing that I want to give you feedback on and try in the next simulation is to still try to strike a balance with not shutting students down, but to approach it in a slightly different way. So what I'm noticing is that because you're trying to do all of this, like not shutting students down, the part where you're saying don't do this now is kind of getting lost, because it comes later. And you end up kind of talking over them. And it seems like this sort of power struggle. And that's not the like, that's not getting any of your goals across because they're not really maybe hearing that you're saying that you want to connect with them. And you're also, you know, elongating the time that it's disruptive. So, what I want to suggest that you do is to focus first on giving a really clear redirection about what you want them to stop doing or what you want them to do instead. So, that can be "please be silent", right? That would be what you want them to do or it can be and you can still say the name, right, you still want to get them - or it can be what you want them to stop. So you know, "Ethan, please stop whistling", right? Either of those options are fine. Once you know that you've gotten their attention, and they've stopped doing it, that's the moment that you can then make the connection with them. So you know, "Ethan, please stop talking about Darth Vader; that is something that I would love to talk to you about at recess". So you still get to do it, but you're - the idea being that you do it after you've gotten their attention. Does that make sense?

Teacher  4:29  
Yeah, yeah. So, just like pivoting the language a little bit and in terms of like the order in which I'm saying  - taken.

TeachSIM  4:39  
Yeah. Yeah. Cause, the primary goal is get the behavior to stop first and then do the rest. And also be aware that, like, a lot of teachers find it really difficult to say something like, "please stop doing this" because it sounds automatically harsh because we don't talk to other adults that way. But I want to encourage you, it's really all in the tone of your voice. That clear direction is actually can be really helpful to students as well. long as you're not, you know yelling it, right? You can say, in a very upbeat way like, "Hey, Ethan, please stop". And I've heard that from you - like you were really - so, that will also help you with the like, you're not shutting students down, you're just making clear your expectations. 

Teacher  5:16  
For sure. 

TeachSIM  5:18  
Okay, we're close. Oh, my timer did not go off somehow. Okay. Well, I think we are done cause the timer is not going. So, you are now going to have a chance to do the same simulation over again so that you have an opportunity to sort of implement the feedback that we were just talking about. And it's exactly the same, so you're imagining the beginning. It's five minutes. Do you have any any questions about that?

Teacher  5:47  
No, I think I'm good. Thank you.

