TeachSIM Staff  0:00  
All right, here we are, how that goes?

Teacher  0:06  
Uh... what? Sorry? Yes? Um, I wasn't really anticipating Ethan to be such a chatterbox. But um, and despite that tomorrow, so I'm glad I got that experience. Yeah,

TeachSIM Staff  0:19  
Yes, I was thinking that same thing. So here is a couple of like, where we start, okay, I'm gonna start with positives. Positives, your tone with students is super, like, even when you're escalating. Like the, like your, your level of seriousness, it's still coming off is very sweet. And so a great job there. And that's sometimes hard to do for some newer teachers. So great job. What I want to I just want to clarify something, because I think it's important for you going into tomorrow. Before you can send a student out of the classroom, you want to make sure that you've set guidelines for for, for consequences. So first, it's a warning, hey, Ethan, please stop talking. That's a warning, then it's maybe I'm going to move your seat, then it's maybe we're going to chat outside, then maybe I'm going to call the parent, then it's maybe referral sent to the office after calling the parent. So make sure that you set those guidelines. And you talk about those guidelines before sending someone else to work.

Teacher  1:50  
Now what about if I'm just removing him from the group?

TeachSIM Staff  1:54  
from the group to go back to his seat, which is still in the classroom? That would be like a level two, so that's fine.

Teacher  2:02  
Okay, like Ethan. Obviously, you can't handle being a part of this small group at the moment. So let's go back to our scene, we'll try it again the next rotation.

TeachSIM Staff  2:12  
Yes, we're trying again after next five minutes or something like that. But trying again, definitely sounds great. And asking students to move to the downstair, as long as they're still able to engage in the instruction from their desk and not being completely removed from learning, because that wouldn't be fair. Okay, now that I got that out the way, what I want to focus on today is, how do we be clear and specific about our redirections without having to feel like we're escalating, escalating, escalating each time, and without having to feel like I'm talking to you so much that's taking away from learning? And the way that we do that is by being short, quick, and play. So if you're going to be short, quick and polite with Ethan, what would you say to him when he's whistling? I'm going to read to you what you currently said. So Ethan was doing Darth Vader voices. You said Ethan, so what Savannah just said was a classroom norm is letting everyone speak, Ethan remember the classroom norm and please let everyone speak. How would you then change that to make it short, clear and specific?

Teacher  3:32  
Could I say Ethan we just established a classroom norm and we're gonna let all of our classmates speak?

TeachSIM Staff  3:39  
Not short, clear and specific enough. Because what he could do is let Savanah speak and then as soon as she's done speaking, continue with the Darth Vader voices.

Teacher  3:56  
I'm not sure, asking him just to, tried to ask him to hold it. Hold it in, but that didn't work.

TeachSIM Staff  4:04  
Yeah, that's, that's not specific enough, because they can hold themselves in and say, oh, there's still spilled out. So I'm just being a kid right now. But let me model it for you. So what I would do if Ethan instead of having like, even so what Savannah just says the classroom norm, we're gonna let everyone speak and remember that this is a classroom norm, so please let everyone speak, is, Ethan, please stop making voices. Ethan, please Stop whistling. Ethan, please, no video game sounds. I want you to practice this. I'm going to do behaviors. And I want you to pretend that I'm Ethan and give me that short, clear and specific redirection and the reason why it's so important, so that you don't bog yourself down on redirecting that student, and so the student doesn't feel attacked, is more so really quickly, really gently and move on. But, you're still being like firm and clear.

Teacher  5:19  
Ethan, please stop twirling your bracelet and in the air, Ethan please stop throwing your pencil.

TeachSIM Staff  5:34  
Better. One more.

Teacher  5:42  
Ethan, please put your phone away.

TeachSIM Staff  5:45  
There you go. So while you're focusing on instruction, if you see it behavior tomorrow, really quick, really short, very clear there. So and so please stop blank. So and so please sit at your seat. So and so this like, and in a real classroom, those would be like your warnings. That's how you give a clear, succinct and fast warning. So giving those clear, succinct and fast warnings before you escalate up the ladder. They should always know what that ladder is before you use them.

Teacher  6:21  
But do I need to establish that at this round table right now or?

TeachSIM Staff  6:26  
Not right now. I'm just, thinking like Bailey's scene in classroom tomorrow. We have that. Okay. All right. So let's practice it. But this time we're going to practice it in the next scenario simulation. Do you have any questions before we begin the next simulation?

Teacher  6:46  
Is this completely different than what I just said? Or is it a Repeat?

TeachSIM Staff  6:49  
Repeat. Okay. Perfect.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
