Coach  0:02  
Hey Jordan! 

Teacher  0:03  
Hello.

Coach  0:04  
How'd that go? How'd it feel?

Teacher  0:05  
It felt okay. It-it...yeah.

Coach  0:11  
Yeah, Ethan, Ethan will make you react that way... just yeah. 

Teacher  0:17  
Mhm.

Coach  0:18  
*Laughs* Okay, so something that I thought you did really well is you always tried to connect them back to the learning, bring them in in creating norms, and you were very calm the entire time. So great job over there. What I want to work on with you today is being- taking our statements, and really getting specific around what we actually want students to do, and the behaviors that we want them to stop doing. So I'm gonna start by... till I see a good one...okay. Let's start by reading you something that you said. And then we're going to rework it to try and figure out how to make that redirection better. So you said... Ethan was whistling. And you said, Ethan, do you have any ideas on why it's important to show up on time? Oh, okay, we can save the whistling for later though. Okay, so that's what you shared-a little bit of what you said to Ethan. How can we take that statement and get really short and specific around what we actually want Ethan to do?

Teacher  1:46  
Um, maybe by starting with, asking him to like, be quiet and stop the whistling and then ask him a question, instead of asking him the question while he's already, like, distracted and doing something else.

Coach  2:01  
Absolutely. I like that one. So let's get him to stop the behavior first, and then ask a question. We're going to ask him to stop the behavior. How can you do that in a short specific way and the behaviors was whistling.

Teacher  2:18  
I'm not sure. 

Coach  2:20  
Yeah, no worries. I'm going to model it for you. So if Ethan's whistling, my reaction to him would be Ethan. Please Stop whistling. If making Darth Vader noises, Ethan, please stop making Darth Vader noises. If Dev is talking about superheroes, Dev, please stop talking about superheroes and then getting them back into the learning. 

Teacher  2:51  
Okay.

Coach  2:53  
So now let's practice it. I'm going to show some behaviors. And I want you to look at-identify what the behavior is. And then say I'm gonna be Ethan. So Ethan, please stop blank _____. 

Teacher  3:10  
Okay.

Coach  3:10  
You ready?

Teacher  3:11  
Yeah.

Coach  3:13  
Alright. Hey, it's an airplane.

Teacher  3:18  
Ethan please stop playing with those beads.

Coach  3:24  
All right. Savannah watch out.

Teacher  3:30  
Ethan, please don't play with your pen like that.

Coach  3:35  
Oh, I have a text message.

Teacher  3:38  
Ethan, please put your phone away.

Coach  3:42  
Okay. You can even get shorter with please put? No, I think you did good. No, yeah. I don't it doesn't need to be any shorter.So, now we're going to continue practicing. We're gonna practice in the simulation. Great job looking at the behavior and getting really specific about what you want to stop happening. Okay? Continue doing that in the next simulation.

Teacher  4:12  
Okay.

Coach  4:13  
Do you have any questions before we begin the next simulation? 

Teacher  4:16  
No. 

Coach  4:18  
All right, let's

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
