TeachSIM Staff  0:01  
All right, how did you think that was? 

Teacher  0:04
I do really poorly.
 
TeachSIM Staff  0:08
One thing I noticed is that you definitely, I've definitely noticed when you noticed the behavior, because you kind of saw it in your face, but you still remained really calm. So you didn't let the students know you're frustrated, which is important, because sometimes we feel really frustrated that you stayed really calm. So that that is something that I definitely think was great. What was something that you maybe think, was why you did poorly?

Teacher  0:38  
Ah, first, like, when I, when I told him about his misbehavior, and how he should behave, it didn't change him. And he was keeping doing it, maybe because I wasn't like stern or strict enough.

TeachSIM Staff  1:00  
And so, you, what you just said was, when I was telling him how he should behave, he didn't do it. Did you ever really address what he shouldn't be doing?

Teacher  1:12  
I think I did.

TeachSIM Staff  1:14  
So sometimes you did. And one time, when he was drumming, for example, you said, Ethan, you should stay quiet and keep your hands on your knees. So you didn't just address like you told him to keep his hands on his knees. And so you're super specific about what he should be doing. But sometimes we need to make sure that we give specific directions about what they should and should not be doing. So that it's really clear. And so in that example, you were super clear about what he should be doing by putting his hands on his knees. Other times when we asked him to, like, be respectful or you're not Luke's or you're not Darth Vader right now, or you are Ethan, those are still positively trying to get him to do what he needs to do, but they're not quite specific enough. So for when he was pretending to be Darth Vader, you said, you go by Ethan in this classroom, because he had just said like, I'm Darth Vader, right? And so you said you go by Ethan in this classroom. But then he kind of continued saying like, where's the Luke Skywalker? Where's Luke Skywalker? So what could we maybe tell him that's a bit more specific about what we want him to stop doing?

Teacher  2:37  
Maybe just tell him to not speak when I'm speaking.

TeachSIM Staff  2:47  
Yeah, you could say, Ethan, stop talking while I'm talking. So you could say that, and you could even be more specific and say, Ethan, stop making, you know, those noises instead, share with me a classroom norm or something. But sometimes just a really simple redirection that might seem super obvious. But one that is very specific, that says, Ethan, stop talking while I am talking that, tells him what he cannot be doing right now. And then it'll make it easier for you to be heard as the teacher. So if we look back, and when he, Ethan starts doing the impersonations at the end. And he was like, tu tu tu, tu, tu, tu tu, you were talking over him. How could you just address him more specifically to stop what he was doing?

Teacher  3:46  
Like remind him that he's talking over me and tell him to stop. And then after he stopped, I'll say thank you, and then start talking.

TeachSIM Staff  3:58  
Yeah, so we just want to make sure that we don't talk over them. And that way, we just tell them what to stop doing. And that gives a really clear specific direction of what we don't want them to do. And for the drumming example, it worked by saying, put your hands in your lap. You know, you could also say don't drum or you could say put your hands in your lap. What if I'm a student, and I pick up a book and I start reading

Teacher  4:22  
I'll tell you put your books dowm.

TeachSIM Staff  4:30  
And you say, Jamie, put your book down. Okay, what if, sorry, I'm trying to check see how much time we have. Oh, good. Um, what if I'm a student, and I just start coloring on my hand?

Teacher  4:42  
Put your makers down while I'm talking.

TeachSIM Staff  4:45  
Yeah, so you're just saying you know, Janie, put your markers down. Stop, stop coloring. So it's really great how you, you did it in the simulation, you always address Ethan by name. So when we redirect students, we want to make sure that we use their name. We tell them what we want them to stop doing. And then you can just sort of continue. And you did a great job with that. We just want to make sure that we give that specific direction so that you've done a good job within our practice. So let's keep it going in the second round of the simulation. Okay?

Teacher  5:17  
I'm doing the same thing? 

TeachSIM Staff  5:19  
Yes. It's just like the last one didn't happen. Almost the exact same thing. Do you have any questions? 

Teacher  5:27
No. 

TeachSIM Staff  5:28
Okay.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
