Coach  0:00  
Alright, Olivia. How did you think that was? 

Teacher  0:04  
Um, I think it went pretty well. Ethan was kind of giving me a run for my money there. But it went well, it was good. 

Coach  0:13  
Um, was there anything that you were particularly like surprised or frustrated or uncertain about? 

Teacher  0:23  
Um, sure. I think I definitely, when I have my own classroom, I want us to make the norms together, I don't want it to be like me in front of the class saying, like, these are our norms. As opposed to like, let's make it together. And I had a little bit of that opportunity in the simulation. But I think having more of those opportunities in real life is gonna make a classroom environment better.

Coach  0:47  
I definitely noticed that you were trying to do a little bit of that. Because when students did contribute, you were really, you know, you said, like...Oh, thank you, like, that's a great norm! And like you appreciated Ava, and, like the idea of brain breaks coming from the students. And that's really important, because we do want our students to be involved in making these norms. So what do you think kind of prevented you from having students make the norms this time? 

Teacher  1:11  
Um, I think kind of like, having Ethan, like, get disruptive. I felt like...oh, I gotta bring it back to-back on topic. And that kind of led me to like, the next thing I was thinking about, instead of leaving the floor open to anyone.

Coach  1:33  
Yeah, so he sort of took away the conversation. Like, he kind of took away the control.

Teacher  1:38  
Yeah.

Coach  1:39  
So in this next round, let's think about maybe some of those redirections that we could give him that kind of can keep you in control. And also keep your discussion in the way you want it so that the students can help create those norms. So when we-I'm just scrolling up through my notes-Um, so when Ethan's started making the video game noises, you were like, do you have something to share? Right? And then he kind of started taking it away talking about his lasers and everything like that. Why do you think he kind of went into those video game noises rather than sharing a norm?

Teacher  2:22  
Because I wasn't specific enough. 

Coach  2:25  
Yeah!

Teacher  2:25  
He was sharing what was on his mind at the moment.

Coach  2:28  
Yeah. So instead of asking that question, we could kind of give him a simple, like, simple and specific redirection. So what could we have said, when we hear him starting to say like, phew phew! What could we say to him instead, to kind of get him away from lasers and towards norms?

Teacher  2:46  
I could have been more specific and said, like, what norms do you have in mind? Or can you think of any norms for the classroom you'd like to see or something like that?

Coach  2:55  
And so I think that asking that question is really important. But do we address his misbehavior also?

Teacher  3:03  
Yes, like I notice you're making lots of laser noises. Let's save that for recess. What norms do you want to see?

Coach  3:10  
Yeah, so you give him that specific redirection of like, save, save the laser noises for recess instead. What kind of classroom norm would you like to contribute? And that way you give him like, some sort of specific redirection and we might even add on, like, stop the video game noises, save them for recess instead. You know, ask that, but be like, as specific as possible. So there might be less confusion.

Teacher  3:35  
Got it.

Coach  3:35  
Well, let's practice. Usually, I have a book nearby. But today, I have a Kindle. So I'm a student in your class, and I'm just reading my book. What are you gonna say to me?

Teacher  3:49  
Jamie, please put the book down. We're discussing classroom norms. If you want maybe during recess, you could bring your book out. What is a classroom norm..

Coach  3:58  
Yeah!

Teacher  3:58  
Yeah.

Coach  3:58  
So that was great, because you called me by name, which we didn't even talk about, but we want to make sure we call the student by name so they know we're talking to them.

Teacher  4:05  
Yeah.

Coach  4:06  
You told me to put my book down. We're not doing that. Um, and then you also were like, what's the classroom norm you could do? So I could be like, Okay, well, um, I guess I think that we should be nice to one another. You know, and come up with a classroom norm. So I think that you were able to reflect on this appropriately and think, Okay, we need to make sure that we're being specific so that it's not confusing to students, like they know, we don't want them to be doing whatever they're doing. And then also pivot the conversation back to the way that you're hoping to lead it so that the students are the ones coming up with those norms. Because if that's how you want to run your classroom, which is a really important thing to have students come up with norms, we want to make sure we have that opportunity for them to.

Teacher  4:56  
Got it.

Coach  4:57  
Any questions?

Teacher  4:58  
I don't think so, no.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
