Coach  0:00  
All right. All right, Participant, let me just set my timer. Right. How did you think that went? 

Participant  0:08  
Uhh. Oh, Ethan a lot of re-(not distinguishable speech)

Coach  0:15  
Yeah, that you did a really great job job providing him with a really specific direct redirection that quickly addressed his behavior. For example, when he started playing the video games, you said, I need you to stop doing that right now, while Ms Teacher is talking. You always address him by name, which was great. So he knew you were talking to him. And you had a lot of very specific redirections, where you continue to say, like Ethan, stop talking, I need all voices to be off. So in moving forward, sometimes we have these students like Ethan who aren't being malicious, or like really outwardly defiant about it, they just need that reminder to stop talking, right. And so when we move forward into this next round, I think what we can work on is being more succinct, and just using as few words as possible so that we can spend more words and more time discussing whatever the lesson might be. So in this place, classroom norms, because if it's, you know, a math lesson and we're having to constantly say like, Ethan don't talk while Ms Teacher is talking, every you know, I need your hands to be in your lap. And this and that. Word for use redirecting Ethan, the less words we're going to use this time we're going to have for actual lesson, right. And I actually saw you do this a lot, or not a lot. I saw you do this really well, with the last one. You just said Ethan stop. And one other time you think you use the symbol, which is a really great, another great tool that we can use. So if we think back when he was drumming, you said, even there's a time to play the drums. And it's not when Ms Teacher is teaching, I need you to stop. So how might you be able to rephrase that with just as few words as possible?

Participant  2:09  
Can I just say stop? Ethan stop

Coach  2:11  
Yeah, you to like even stop. And sometimes you might feel the need to be like, Ethan stop drumming and add that, you know, whatever he is not doing specifically. But as few words as possible, like Ethan, stop or eat and stop drumming is great. What about when he like starts, you know, talking like Darth Vader? 

Participant  2:16  
I really didn't catch it was Darth Vader. 

Coach  2:38  
That's okay. I think he was like, I am your father, maybe. Ethan while Ms. Teacher is talking, I need all voices to be off. So you could, that would be another good time to use like a symbol, right? He could be like, even and then just carry on with what is responsible look like and whatnot. Yeah, so I'm a student in your classroom. And I have my book out. And I'm reading through my book. What could you say to me? 

Participant  3:10  
Student put it away? 

Coach  3:12  
Yep, put it away. more words than stop but you can't really make that. Less words. Student put it away. You addressed me by name, and you gave me a pretty specific redirection to stop what I was doing. In pretty few words. What if I was during your classmate start turning and talking to my neighbor? My birthdays tomorrow, what kind of cake should I my mom make? I don't know. I like vanilla. But I also like confettie-

Participant  3:41  
Student stop talking. 

Coach  3:43  
Yep. So just, you know, name quick redirection. Um, and I think that you like, I think that this will be something that you might feel like you've been really repetitive with at times. But sometimes they're the students and you just have to, stay on them

Participant  4:00  
yeah, at beginning of the year, especially, they need that repetition.

Coach  4:03  
And sometimes there's like, a time and a place for maybe a longer, you know, response, something like that. But when in the middle of a lesson, sometimes we just want to have a really succinct, quick response. So that way, we can spend more of our time focusing on the lesson at hand and not necessarily a small behavior like whistling or drumming or Ethan. Do you have any questions?

Participant  4:33  
I do have a question. So the one child Dev, was it? The talk about like, if there's a time we to set aside every day to talk about superheroes. Is there like any way I need to address that promptly? Or is the way I'd handle it like, okay?

Coach  4:49  
I think that one's fine, too, because that's not quite, You could be like, Hey, I'm Dev. Like, why don't you talk to me about superheroes tomorrow during share like that would maybe even be more succinct than like yours, but just be like you can talk to me about that tomorrow or talk to me at recess about that. But that was probably like your lengthiest one too, but probably the one that might have required more words than some of the others. Alright, so in this next round, let's just thinking about how we can be succinct and use as few words as possible. Okay.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
