Coach  0:00  
Alright, Teacher- Um, or is it Teacher or Teacher? 

Teacher  0:03  
Teacher.

Coach  0:04  
Teacher, okay. That's right. I was like, "I think I said that the first time." Alright, Teacher. Thank you for, um- How did you think that went today? How did you think that classroom norms went?

Teacher  0:14  
It was okay. Definitely- It's harder to do like, the like- The looks, or, like, cues, or...

Coach  0:25  
I do really like, though, I saw you give Ethan the shh symbol a couple of times, which was really great because that does give him that, like, specific silent cue, but you're still not taking away tons of time, because you can just quickly, like, tell Ethan to shh and continue with your normal lesson. So I think that was a really good move and sometimes it feels weird in a simulation, but this is something that you want to practice in real life. So that's- That was great that you used that cue with him. Um, were there any parts that you were frustrated with?

Teacher  1:05  
Um... I feel like because I did this one before, I wasn't like... I mean, I guess just that it kept going and I couldn't effectively, like, get him to stay on, like, focused on task. 

Coach  1:21  
Yeah. So I noticed you were trying to talk over him a lot of the time, right? And is that something that we think will help with the behavior norms in our classroom, just by talking to over the student?

Teacher  1:33  
No. I think definitely, like, saying, like, "Okay, this is like- I like that you're wanting to share. Like, let's save this for after we conclude this. Like, there will be time to come up to me and tell me about this." 

Coach  1:49  
Yeah. And so, I think that's something that we can do in this next round, that can also be helpful when we have this happen in our classroom -- a student who's not necessarily, like, intentionally being disruptive and defiant but it's being a bit disruptive -- we can give him that specific and quick redirection. So that way, we're not spending time talking over him before we give him that direction. So let's think about one of those behaviors when he was whistling. So when he was whistling, you were talking over him for a little bit, and then you said, "Let's try to model some behavior we want to see in the classroom." And he was like, "Yeah, whistling is awesome." So like, in his head, he's like, "I love to whistle. This is what I want to do classroom." So how might we have rephrased that a little differently so that way, it was clearer that we wanted him to stop whistling?

Teacher  2:43  
Um, probably saying something like, "The rest of- When you're whistling, the rest of the class can't hear the conversation. We want to be quiet while others are speaking, and like, listen. Like, show us good listening skills, and you can't do that when you're whistling."

Coach  3:06  
Yeah. And so, I think that one part in there in the middle, too, where you said, like- Oh, you said it really nicely and now I'm blanking. But you said, "We want to make sure we're quiet when others are talking, which we can't do when we're whistling." So we could just say, "So, let's stop whistling." Or you could say, "So, shh." But that way, you're kind of giving that cue to stop the specific behavior that he's demonstrating. And that's just a little bit clearer because then there's no room for any confusion-

Teacher  3:37  
Right.

Coach  3:38  
for him. "Whistling? I'd love to model whistling for everybody." Right? 

Teacher  3:42  
Yeah. 

Coach  3:43  
And so, what about we- You kind of use that same phrase again, too, with let's try to model some good behavior, which sometimes, that might be an appropriate phrase, but other times, we might want to just give that like, quick, specific redirection to the students right when they start. So what about when he was drumming? What could you have maybe said then that would have been a little bit more specific and quick to address? 

Teacher  4:07  
Maybe like, "Show full body listening. That means, like, our hands are in our- are on the table or on our laps. Like we're looking at the person talking like-"

Coach  4:20  
Yeah. And so, by making sure that you address Ethan at the beginning of that, too, that makes him know that you're talking to him. And so, you can say, you know, like, "Ethan, when our whole bodies are listening, our hands are in our lap so we can't drum." Or, "Stop drumming," or something like that, and you specifically name him what you want him to stop doing and you provide him a good alternative to do with his hands instead. So what if I'm a student and I am reading a book in your classroom? What could you tell me?

Teacher  4:48  
During instructional time?

Coach  4:50  
Yeah, sorry. During this classroom norms time. I've just picked up a book I'm gonna read not during reading time.

Teacher  4:56  
I would probably say, like, "Coach, go ahead and put that book downs so that you are paying attention as we create these norms."

Coach  5:03  
Yeah. And so, that was exactly right because you called me by name and you gave me that specific redirection. You didn't tell me to, like, ask me to put it away. You just told me, which was great. So in this next round, we want to think about how we can give those specific redirections to the students, and we just want to make sure that we give those pretty quickly as we see the behaviors starting so that we're not spending our time talking over them. 

Teacher  5:26  
Yeah. 

Coach  5:27  
Okay?

Teacher  5:28  
Mmhm.

Coach  5:28  
All right. Well, thank you. Do you have any questions?

Teacher  5:30  
No, that was really helpful.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
