TeachSIM  0:02  
So how was that? 

Teacher  0:07  
Ah. That Ethan, you know?

TeachSIM  0:11  
That Ethan. Oh, gosh, you know, one thing that I really enjoyed is you really had some great like, teacher moves going for you. That would work in many cases, but for the purpose of the scenario doesn't work. And I'm gonna tell you why. So your moves that you did that was really great that I loved is moves like "Ethan, can you repeat back what Savannah said". So that gets them listening in on the conversation and making sure that he is held accountable for his listening, great talk move for classrooms. You also did a great thing where you're like, Ethan, I'm going to ask you a question in a minute. So prepping him for the question. So that gets him to think, "Oh, I should start listening because I'm gonna have to answer something". So those are two really great moves that I noticed that I really enjoy. The reason why it didn't work, though, is because the purpose of the scenario is really, to have clear, specific redirections. So the behaviors won't stop until you actually tell the - until you actually say, for those behaviors to stop. Or when you actually, until you actually tell Ethan to stop that specific behavior. For example, in the beginning, when Ethan started playing video games, you said, "Ethan, are you okay?" "Well, okay, let's hang on to that". "Okay, Ethan one person is going to talk at a time". "I have a question for you in a moment". If Ethan - but you never actually told Ethan to stop making video games sounds and during - when Ethan started whistling, though, you were getting closer to it. You said "Ethan, why don't we start with you? What do you think it means to be respectful? No, let's try to talk it out. Okay, but I need you to stop whistling". And at that point, he stops whistling. Right? So the goal here is to really focus on how can I redirect Ethan, tell him exactly what I need him to do, so that I can move on with my lesson? Okay, so and I'm Ethan and making Darth Vader sounds or impersonations, like he was doing, what can you say to Ethan that is very clear, short and specific to get him to stop making Darth Vader sounds? 

Teacher  3:00  
Well, I think I would say that, I would say, "Ethan, those sounds are inappropriate for our class. At this time, I would like you to please stop. So we can have our conversation about classroom norms."

TeachSIM  3:12  
Okay, so you actually told him to please stop. So that was great. That would work and that will help Ethan to stop. Now I want to challenge you to do the same thing but with fewer words. 

Teacher  3:29  
Okay, "Ethan, stop making those sounds." 

TeachSIM  3:36  
And to be polite, you might add "Ethan, please stop making those sounds", just to be polite. But the reason why I asked you to make it shorter is because if we spend so much time talking about what the behavior is and why it's important to stop and why it's an interrupting everyone that's eating into our, into the learning time. If you start to do that, each time there's a behavior, you'll find yourself talking more about the behavior than you're talking about the actual learning in the classroom. So sometimes it's very, it's appropriate to really get the "Ethan please stop talking". "Ethan, please stop whistling" and move on to the learning. Now, I'm going to be Ethan, I'm going to show behaviors and you're going to look at the behavior and you're going to think what is the clearest way I can get, I can - I can redirect Ethan so that we can get back to learning. You ready?

Teacher  4:43  
Okay. "Ethan please put that down". I guess I would say again, "Ethan please put that down"

TeachSIM  5:13  
Oh, my phone. I am just gonna text. 

Teacher  5:17  
"Ethan, please hand me your phone" 

TeachSIM  5:23  
Okay. So that works, that works. "Ethan, can you please put that down?" it can also be "Ethan, put the phone away" it can also be "Ethan, stop throwing things" it can also be "put the deeds away", it can be any of those things but as much as possible, we want to look at the behavior and be short and succinct as possible. So we can move on to move on to the learning. We want to move on to the learning. Okay, so now we are going to practice the same thing. But this time when we practice it, we're going to practice it in the scenario. Do you have any questions before we begin the next scenario? 

Teacher  6:03  
No.

