TeachSIM Staff  0:01
And how does that feel for you?

Teacher  0:03  
There are some funny parts, but it was fine. 

TeachSIM Staff  0:07
Absolutely, it seemed like it kind of like it was, it was chill, like it wasn't behaviors happening, but you would trust them. So really good job there. 

Teacher  0:17
Thank you. 

TeachSIM Staff  0:18
And you're like, very calm, very straight to the points. I like it. What I want to work on today is I wanted to practice other ways of being very specific around what behaviors you want students to stop. Okay? And I'm gonna first give you an example of what you said. And then we can think about how can we be more specific around stopping a particular behavior. So, Ethan is playing video games, right? And you said, let's all keep quiet and pay attention, please. Ethan, let's just keep those noises to ourselves for a while. Right? How can we be more specific and much shorter with our redirection with Ethan? 

Teacher  1:12
Say, stop talking a while in class? 

TeachSIM Staff  1:15
Okay, nicer. Let's try to make it because that was shorter. That was definitely shorter. Make it nicer.

Teacher  1:24
Okay, it's a, let's save those noises for recess. 

TeachSIM Staff  1:30
Yeah. How about, we can compare the two. How about, Ethan, please stop making noises. Please stop making noises. Let's say those, we can also say like if he's not making noises, let's save those for recess, too. But I think what's important is that we actually tell Ethan to stop making those noises. Or like, just to identify that the noises is a problem and you say let's keep it quiet. Just lower down this tone and not won't, that won't stop his behavior. And of course, you could say keep it to ourselves. Well, that could be up to a personal interpretation. Okay? Let's practice. I'm going to do some behaviors and you're gonna practice looking at the behavior and making very clear and specific redirections and pretend I'm Ethan, too. Dev, catch.

Teacher  2:43  
Ethan, please also stop them for class. 

TeachSIM Staff  2:52
I wonder if I can write on the stain. 

Teacher  5:56
Ethan, let's keep our pens to ourself. Please don't write on other people.

TeachSIM Staff  3:04  
I have a text message. 

Teacher  3:06
Ethan, please no phones in class. That's one of our norms.

TeachSIM Staff  3:13  
Okay, or can be, Ethan, put the phone away, Ethan, please stop using the phone. But, good job. Behavior being very specific around what pavers you need to stop. Just try as much as possible. Or if you can, like just try to use like, no, I think you were specific enough. Thank you. Let's practice it again. So what we're going to do is we're going to go back into the simulation. And we are going to practice being specific around what it is we need to stop, or behavior that students need to stop in order for us to get through my hard lesson. I'm going to try and keep those redirections very short. But still specific. Any questions before we dive into the next circuit round?

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
