Coach  0:00  
How did you think that went? 

Teacher  0:02  
Um... I think it was okay. I think I confused them with the second question because I was talking a lot more instead of just, like, putting the question out there. And then I probably should have broke apart the third one, instead of ask- trying to ask all the questions at once. But it went okay.

Coach  0:21  
So, I would agree. I think there were some things you did super well. I think it's really important that you notice that the students are supposed to talk more and that the teacher is not, and that's something that was really evident, that you really, like, pressed them and you wanted them to do the thinking. And I would agree, I think on that second question, they got a little bit confused. So that's kind of what we're gonna work on. We're gonna figure out how we can still push them to do the thinking, but scaffold it a bit so that it's not so open ended for them, and that way, we can kind of focus them on something but still have them be the thinkers in the situation. 

Teacher  0:54  
Okay.

Coach  0:54  
So, what do you think went wrong with problem two? Why do you think they might have been confused? 

Teacher  1:02  
Um... I think they were confused because they might have just thought I was asking like a straightforward question about, "Well, who does the story say she is?" instead of... I guess for me, I interpreted it as, "How are we- Like, what clues are we using to guess who she is outside of what is being told to us?"

Coach  1:28  
Yeah! And that's exactly right. And so, it does tell us, like, right in the very first line, "I'm the new student intern." So a student might think that she's the student intern. But- And it does- Like to answer the question fully, it does require a bit more inferencing the way Savannah talks about being a reporter and bringing all that in, and I noticed you did- You really told her, like, "Wow, that was great. You had text evidence and all this stuff." So we can help scaffold students when they get something wrong by first just asking, you know, "What in the text makes you think that?" I did notice you asked a lot, like, "Well, why do you think that? Can you elaborate?" But let's make sure we put in the, like, "What in the text makes you think that?" Or, "Can you elaborate using the text?" But we really want to make sure we get that text part in there. And then the student, you know, the students might be like, "Well, it says it. She's the student intern." And so, they might not necessarily know an infer- They might not be able to have the inference yet of what they want to do; that might be confusing for them, but we should at least make sure they understand that she's not the student intern. And so, we can simply direct them to a path- Part of the passage that says she's something else. So, are there any parts that you can look at that you think might help with that? Because there are a few that are a little more straightforward that it's not- She's not the student intern. 

Teacher  2:45  
Yeah, I remember it said, let's see if I can find it... It definitely said that... Oh, here we go. "Would he know that her cover as a student intern was a lie?" So in the fourth area.

Coach  3:10  
Yeah, the fourth paragraph. So we could- We could just ask the student like, "Hmm, like, there's part of the text that tells us something else. Can you read paragraph four?" But that way, we might be pointing them to the right passage, but they're still empowered to read it and make the connection themselves and say, you know, if a student's reading, "Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah... Oh, her cover as a student intern was a lie, so I guess she's not the student intern." And maybe the student isn't immediately able to be like, "She's a spy," or, "She's a reporter," or, "She's a government agent," or a rival company or something, but they can at least know that she's not the student intern, and that's not the right answer. 

Teacher  3:51  
Okay. 

Coach  3:53  
So if we think back to Ethan, he also was a little confused because he thought that she was excited and he talked about how One Thing was really cool. How might we help him to realize that that's not quite the right response?

Teacher  4:09  
Let's see... Um, maybe we can... Like, paragraph twenty-two says, like, "He had believed the falsified lie detector results," so- Oh, well, I guess she could be excited if he believed that.

Coach  4:33  
Well, maybe even a little bit before, because the question- We could just remind Ethan, you know, the question's asking us about how she felt when the lie detector results got brought up, not when she first got to One Thing. So why don't we look at paragraph fourteen because that's the one that talks about her heart rate and her clammy hands. So just, we want to make sure in this next round that we ask the students. We make sure that we, like, specifically ask for text evidence when we ask them why. But then also, when they're a little bit confused, we kind of help scaffold their understanding by maybe pointing them in the direction of a paragraph, but still letting them do the thinking. 

Teacher  5:11  
Okay. 

Coach  5:12  
Okay, so, in... We can begin in... when I turn off my camera.

Teacher  5:17  
Okay.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
