Coach  0:02  
Alright, Muhammad, how's that go? 

Teacher  0:05  
All right, I think it's, I mean, again, this kind of virtual thing kind of kind of feels kind of strange, but I think I was okay. I think a lot better than the one I had in the beginning of the summer. I had to do one in the summer.

Coach  0:17  
But that's classroom norms ones are intense, definitely. But today, I think you did really well and here's why. Your tone like I feel like as soon as the students went on, and you started talking to kids, your tone and your personality started showing like you really started coming to life. So I appreciate that great job there. The second thing that you did that was great as you were probing students for textual evidence, you were specifically asking them to give you textual evidence, for example, right off the bat, and Jasmine was like, Lisa was feeling nervous. You said, so you think Lisa is feeling nervous? Okay, in the passage, is there anything that you might think, is there anything that will show that she's feeling nervous, so that directly probes her to go into the passage to find textual evidence? You do it again with Ethan. Ethan says, I thought Lisa was excited about her new job, you say, where in the passsage does is show evidence for that. So great job probing them to get textual evidence, that's a great skill to really push students to do. Today, what I want to work on with you is I want to focus on scaffolding. And what that means is what what do we do when students give us the incorrect answer? What do we do when students give us the incorrect answer? Okay, so just let's start throwing out some ideas, as teachers, because I know that you have some experience as a teacher, what can we as teachers do when students misunderstand?

Teacher  1:56  
One way maybe to kind of ask them to explain how they got their answer. So when they explain it, maybe they'll catch their own mistake. Another strategy, maybe when they explain the answer, you can ask the class, maybe you can actually write on the board, and then maybe another student who asked the class what part do you all agree up to say, part one, part two, part three, and then we kind of spot the part where there's some disagreement, then there can be a kind of discussion strategy.

Coach  2:27  
Another strategy that I saw you use was you went to another student, and then came back to the student that got the answer wrong, and asked them if their answer, they changed their answer based on what they heard. So that's another one that I want to point out to you. But for the purposes of today's simulation, I'm going to model for you how to directly working with one student at a time to scaffold for a student. And I'm going to use the Ethan as an example. So I will look for him. So Ethan says, I thought Lisa was excited about her new job. My response as a teacher would be in let me go ahead and put this in the chat while I'm on so you can follow along because it's kind of my response as a teacher would be, thank you for sharing Ethan using evidence from the text. Tell me why you think this, you're already doing this? Right. So that's great. Just continue to do that skill. Using evidence from the text, tell me why you think this. Ethan's probably goning to give me the wrong textual evidence, but that's okay. I'm seeing where he's stalling. Then I'm going to direct him. I'm gonna say, Ethan, read paragraph four. What did we learn about Lisa Eaton will read paragraph four, and he'll probably have an aha moment. Great now based on what you just read, how has your answer changed? So instead of going to another student, it's, it's directing them into the text to find the answer. Okay, why might that be different?

Teacher  4:20  
I think then the student will be able to spot their own mistake. I guess for me, in this case, I wasn't I didn't like detail my notes. So I wouldn't know paragraph four. But I definitely see that as like an actual classroom. That's something I would do, you know, be more familiar with what I was kind of presenting. Yeah, that makes sense so that they will be able to see their mistake and kind of have that aha moment.

Coach  4:49  
Yes. And that aha moment is really key there. Because sometimes we don't always know if they're listening to what Ava said. Like as a teacher in the classroom. I might have Ava repeat her answer if it was great. So let everybody can like, we can stand that learning. But we can't really do that in the simulations at this point. So, let's practice. You're going to be the teacher and I'm going to be the student. Okay. The question that you asked me is, how is Lisa most likely feeling when  Pizmo brings up the lie detector results? So you'll be the teacher, you'll ask me that question.

Teacher  5:30  
He said, How? How do you think Lisa feels when Pismo brings up the light detector test?

Coach  5:38  
That's the question we're going to be practicing. Okay. All right. So whenever you ready, go ahead and give me that question.

Teacher  5:47  
Okay. Yeah. So how does Lisa feel, how do you think Lisa feels when Pismo first introduces the lie detector test when he mentioned that at the end of the passage?

Coach  6:00  
I think Lisa is calm.

Teacher  6:04  
Okay. What part of the paragraph do you think would show that she's calm?

Coach  6:11  
Well, in paragraph 22 is says she smiled and relaxed.

Teacher  6:21  
Okay, how about let's check out paragraph number 20.

Coach  6:29  
Oh, paragraph 20 says her heart pounded so loudly in her chest.

Teacher  6:36  
And then let's see. Before 20 we saw paragraph 19 So that kind of introduces why her heart was pounding. So just I would recommend read paragraph number nine.

Coach  6:48  
Okay, and pause. So I read paragraph 20 and paragraph 20 was meaty right. You have to follow up with how has your answer changed? Right, what do we learn how is your answer changed? Because I could have told you I could have been like oh from based on what I just read it sounds like she might be scared or nervous. Okay the following up with another paragraph with another paragraph is great it might just be too much content at once for a student who already got it wrong. Okay, so we're going to try this again. But this time when we try it we're going to try in the simulations. What I really want to see focus on like you did ask for textual evidence you're already doing a great job there. And then like you did right now, guide me to a paragraph or guide me to a part in the text where you want me to read if I get the answer wrong. And then asked me based on what I just read, wow has my answer changed? 

Teacher  8:02  
Okay. 

Coach  8:05  
And if you need help or if you like need to like a refresher the the examples in the chat.

