Coach  0:00  
How'd that go for you?

Teacher  0:01  
I liked it. I- Like, it's fun. I think I like their age group where like, I work with high schoolers, so I'm like, "Oh, little kids." I can be a little bit more animated and they won't, like, dog on me for being lame.

Coach  0:13  
That's why I like my little kids, too. Something that I wanted to, like, celebrate you with is that your tone with your kids was great. Like, your energy was amazing and I really saw that you were trying to do your best to like, ask them st- Like, ask them questions just to get their input. The thing that I want to work on, though, is thinking about what kind of questions and what we're looking for. Or like, well, what, what's something that we can be looking for when having- when doing a text analysis like this. And that thing is, like, probing students to give you text evidence. Because text evidence is a great way to ensure that their thinking process is solid. It allows us to see their thinking. So why is a claim for a response -- like a claim being like Lisa is nervous or Lisa is excited -- why is that not enough? 

Teacher  1:18  
Because, like, we have- In my head, like, you can say... You can think that all you want, but unless you have like evidence to back it up, then, like, what's to say she's not happy or something else? Like some other feeling.

Coach  1:33  
Exactly. And something that I noticed that you were doing, is that you were asking them, "What makes you say that? What makes you say that?" Like, you said it twice. When Lisa was like, "I'm feeling nervous," you were like, "What makes you say that?" And "what makes you say that?" is like, almost there. So I just want to push you further from "what makes you say that?" to actually saying, "what in the text makes you say that?" 

Teacher  1:59  
Okay.

Coach  1:59  
"Using evidence from the text, what makes you say that?"

Teacher  2:03  
Okay.

Coach  2:03  
 Okay? So I just modeled it for you. I'm gonna make sure that I... So if Lisa, if Lisa -- I'm going to put it in the chat for you, too-

Teacher  2:16  
Okay.

Coach  2:16  
If Lisa tells me, or, if Jasmine tells me that Lisa is feeling nervous, my response then to Jasmine would be, "Thank you for sharing, Jasmine. But using evidence from the text, tell me how you know this." Or, "Great job, Jasmine! Can you tell me where in the text supports this inference?" So let's practice it.

Teacher  2:44  
Okay.

Coach  2:45  
Let's practice that. So I am going to be the student and you're going to be the teacher. 

Teacher  2:54  
Okay.

Coach  2:54  
And you're going to ask me, how is Lisa most likely feeling when Pizmo brings up the lie detector results? And then I'll answer as a student would, but I'm not going to give you textual evidence at first. So-

Teacher  2:58  
How- Oh, sorry. 

Coach  3:14  
Sorry, my bad.

Teacher  3:17  
Okay, so how does Lisa most likely feel when Pizmo brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  3:24  
Lisa is nervous.

Teacher  3:26  
Hmm, I like that word a lot. What in the text makes you say that?

Coach  3:32  
Yeah, so in paragraph 20, it says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest. So this made me think that she was either scared or nervous.

Teacher  3:44  
Oh, that's a really good point. I love that line. What else in the text might have made you think she was nervous?

Coach  3:52  
Well, in paragraph four, it says, "Would he know that her cover as a student intern was a lie?" So that makes me think that, like, she was lying. So maybe, like, she was nervous that her lie was going to be- Like she was gonna get caught in a lie.

Teacher  4:10  
Yes, perfect. We love both of those text evidence. Okay.

Coach  4:14  
Okay. So perfect. So great job using the term text evidence in your response, and great job probing me for text evidence. We're going to practice this again, but this time when we practice it, we're going to do it in the second scenario. Okay? So... Now you're gonna have a chance to do the same scenario again from the beginning. Do you have any questions before we get started?

Teacher  4:44  
So like, it's almost like the sim is wiped, right? Like I start from question one and work my way back down? Okay.

Coach  4:50  
Yep.

Teacher  4:51  
 Alright, then I'm good to go. 

Coach  4:53  
Okay.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
