Coach  0:05  
All right, Jordan. So before we get going, I do want to apologize, I was supposed to tell you that you didn't need to go over norms or anything like that. No, I skipped over that part of our introduction. So that's my fault, I apologize. Um, but I do want to go ahead and give you some positive praise. I definitely saw you working to engage students by calling on students and you were definitely listening to their responses you were showed that you cared about what they were thinking, and you valued what they were thinking. And that was really evident in the way you, like, maintained the discussion with the students. And so that's obviously something very important. Um, I wanted to ask you how you think this simulation went,

Teacher  0:45  
I thought it was pretty decent. I think like the story is, like, really interesting. They're like page and a half that there is given, I'm definitely like, I'm a reader. I'm a math and science teacher. So like, this was like, I was like, let me change my mindset. I'm just like, x equals three, like, it's just very, like, clear and direct. And then this one, just a little more open ended. But like, it was fun, the kids were definitely, like, it was more student driven, in my opinion, which was like, kind of the goal, I didn't want to be the only one talking, which I liked.

Coach  1:17  
Was there anything that a student said that you maybe weren't sure how to respond to? Or that you thought was a challenging response?

Teacher  1:25  
Um, when Ava, she was, like, really ready to participate? And then I called her a couple of times, and she was just like, Okay, can we go the next question? Actually, I don't have anything to say. I do have some of you in my classroom. 

Coach  1:37  
That's the simulation cue just to like stay on track, kind of how I forgot to give you that that prompt at the beginning. So again, I apologize. So I want us to think about and for the next simulation, how we can think about helping students revise their thinking, when a student responds with something that isn't necessarily the most appropriate answer. Were there any times where a student responded, and it wasn't what you were hoping was the right answer?

Teacher  2:04  
Um, yeah, what did she say? Someone said something about? Um, it's totally escaping me. What was it? 

Coach  2:16  
For the first question, question, Jasmine says that Lisa is feeling nervous. And then Ethan says that he she's excited about her job?

Teacher  2:26  
Oh, yeah. The excited part. I could like see where he was kind of getting that because like, any intern would be excited. And then obviously, Lisa kind of has this like, secret. So she's excited that she's like, making it through the lie detector test. Yeah. But when Ethan said that, I was like, Oh, I don't really know if excited the word I would describe, I don't really know how to like, guide that thinking.

Coach  2:49  
Okay, so that's exactly what we can work on. So excited might be the way a student intern might feel. But we would really want to direct the student to thinking about Lisa and asking for text evidence of how Lisa's feeling.

incompetent, we can suggest Ethan to look somewhere else he could be like, Ethan, you know, that all describes one thing, but how about we look about how Lisa's feeling, and paragraph 19 or paragraph 22, one of those paragraphs that talks about the lie detector test. And then Ethan, we'd be giving Ethan the opportunity to go back and look at the text and see that Lisa might be feeling something else that her hands are clammy or her heart is pounding. And when he finds that evidence, we can then ask, So do you still think that she's excited? Or she may be thinking feeling something else? But that way we provide the students an opportunity to look in the text and revise their thinking.

Teacher  3:58  
Okay, that makes a lot of sense, actually. Yeah.

Coach  4:01  
So, if we think about when Ava responds that she's been that Lisa's the student intern, how might we help revise that thinking because we know that later in the text that she's not so what can we maybe ask a that to do?

Teacher  4:15  
I'll probably asked like, hey, do you want to look back at the text and see where in the story like what happens after you learn that she's an intern? Because I was like, doesn't say that. She's like, like, why is Lisa nervous? Like, why would an intern be nervous in this capacity or something?

Coach  4:30  
Right? And we might even be able to point to a specific part in the text. So like paragraph four. In paragraph four, we could say, Ava, can you read paragraph four? Yeah. And then when she reads the paragraph, she might discover some new information. 

Teacher  4:44  
Okay. That makes sense. 

Coach  4:48  
Let's try with one more before our time runs up. If we go back to the first question, and you ask why she's nervous, and I'm a student, and I say I think she's calm. What could you say to me?

Teacher  5:00  
So I'd be like a point to do you see in that paragraph where like her heart is beating? So if she's calm, why, like, why am I her heartbeat being like it's her heart beating support that or something.

Coach  5:11  
Right? So we could first ask, we would first want to ask though, what in the text makes you think that so we know where the students getting that evidence from, and then point them to maybe the paragraph to read. That's the alternative. Okay. Yes. So when we do this second round, remember you can skip the norms introduction, sorry, my fault again, just think about how when students respond with something that shows a misunderstanding how we can probe for text evidence, and then maybe point them to new text to help them clarify that misunderstanding. 

Teacher  5:41  
Right. 

Coach  5:42  
Okay. 

Teacher  5:43  
Yes.

