Coach  0:00  
How did you think that went?

Unknown Speaker  0:01  
I mean, not terrible.

Coach  0:04  
I don't think terrible either. I definitely think that one thing that I noticed that you did well, was when a student had like a, when they responded with something that was incorrect. You didn't just say like, yeah, great and moved on, you really made sure that like you, you made sure the student understand that that wasn't the most appropriate answer. And that can be really tricky sometimes, because we don't want to shoot them down or discourage them from you know, participating, you did that really well. And so I want to ask you, though, when a student, when you're using a text like this, and you're asking students questions, what do you want for them? What do you want for them to include in their response?

Unknown Speaker  0:43  
It kind of depends, like, I guess if this if there's text evidence, I like them to say like, where they got that from? Like, when Savannah was like, Okay, it's right here. It means they don't have to give a direct quote, because I don't, you know, they don't have to reread it, but at least say, okay, well, in the reading, I heard this, or well, I saw this or you mentioned this, something like that, where they bring it up. And I think they both kind of kind of brought it up and Dev explained as much why he thought that but I kind of like, pieced together why he might have said that, but he didn't like where he got that theory from.

Coach  1:25  
So that's just what we're going to work on during this coaching on is just trying to help students. You know, even if they don't respond with it on the first time, we want to ask them every single time whether they're right or whether they're wrong, like what in the text made you think that you know, just ask them directly. I did notice that you also when Savannah, I think goes on and on and on about why she thinks he's the reporter. You You did point out, you were like, I love how you use text evidence there. I like how you supported that. So we just want to make sure when students respond to us whether it's right or wrong, we want to ask them like, what in the text made you think that or what evidence from the text you have? And then that way, they can point they can tell us where they found the text. And if it's not quite there where they find their answer, so that even when it's wrong, we can then be like, oh, okay, I see where you thought that in the text. But maybe let's look at paragraph 12 or 20, or whatever it might be. So that way they can then find the text and figure out the answer on their own. 

Okay. 

Okay. So let's practice. If we were thinking of, if we were thinking about question one with why is Lisa nervous? And I raised my hand and I say, I think she's calm. What might you say to me?

What makes you think she's calm? 

Well, in paragraph 22, it says she's relaxed. And when I'm relaxed, I'm calm. And yeah, so she's calm.

Unknown Speaker  2:58  
Okay, that's a fair point. Sometimes when I'm relaxed, I'm calm to however. There's a lot of different situations in the text where she was saying she was worried, or she was a little bit nervous. Maybe because of those records that she gave in that weren't true.

Coach  3:17  
Oh, so maybe. I'd like in 20 It says her heart was pounding.

Unknown Speaker  3:26  
Yeah, it does your heart usually pound when you're calm.

Coach  3:29  
No, it's super slow. Okay, so yeah, so that way we can, like see where the student is getting it from, and then you started to redirect them to being like, you know, that is it does say that there. But we need to look somewhere else in the text because that's not quite what the questions asking us about. Okay. So if we think back to if we ask about, you know, Lisa, being the student intern, okay. And the student says, like, well, duh it's in the first line, it says she's the student intern. What might we say to a student then?

Unknown Speaker  4:05  
Wait one more time. Repeat that for me. Sorry.

Coach  4:07  
So if the student responds with like, it's she's the student intern. It's in the very first line. What might we like? What might we ask the student then to help them find the right answer?

Oh, about like, what who she really is. Well, I can bring up I think it's paragraph 20. I'm trying to find it or just mentioned I'm trying to find the number but just mentioning how her heart was pounding when his Mel was talking to her about the falsified results. Yeah. And she was worried that he'd find out that they weren't and that she wasn't really an intern. I was trying to find a real number for the paragraph and I can't find it.

I think it's 22 all but I believe that your fine. Our coaching sessions is up so as we continue moving forward, let's just make sure that we ask for some text evidence when they respond and that way we can follow up and either, you know, say that was a great find or maybe suggest they look in a different paragraph to figure out the correct answer. All righty.

