Coach  0:04  
Alright? So how's that feel?

Teacher  0:07  
I feel fine. Felt like I did good. 

Coach  0:11  
You have a really great tone with kids like your tone and the way you flew through the questions really smooth and they were really warm. And what am I looking for entertaining. So great job with that. You also do the job of celebrating students way to go Ava. Like that's one that's a chant that I use in my classroom way to go. Murray's got it. Yeah,

Teacher  0:38  
I was gonna say that. Yeah, I was gonna say I was I don't know, if the stimulation is gonna pick up on what I was saying.

Coach  0:46  
That's a really great chant I love that way gets the kids going to I want to talk about a day is, is really focusing on probing students to give you textual evidence, okay, you do this thing where you go, you go, what makes you think she's feeling nervous? Or what else? Or will that is what? So who? Let me just stick with what the first one that I found. But you do it like you're asking them? What makes you think that right? And answer that question without using textual evidence. So I want to, I want to model for you how I would respond if a student gave me an answer and didn't use textual evidence, okay. And so I'm gonna be I'm gonna solve this paper that Jasmine says, Lisa is feeling nervous. And my response to Jasmine, there's two options here, and I'm gonna put it in the chat. The first option is saying, Great, thank you. Um using text evidence, tell me how you know this? Or can you tell me where in the text supports your answer? And that's specifically asking them to refer back to the text? They're practicing finding text evidence to support their answer. Why might that be important? 

Teacher  2:36  
Well, one, it's just it can help them like go teaching them how to like, actually go back to the texts that have like actual evidence, like support what they're saying. So they aren't just like saying, oh, I think this I think she's nervous because that's, that's just what I think. But it's like, no, you need to have your evidence and then going back to the text and showing them showing where they found it. And that can also help them understand the text better. Because maybe they thought, cuz I thought one of the girls when she was saying that she was a reporter. And that he was he doesn't want to be seen or something like that. I was getting confused, because I was like, well, maybe she's talking about the wrong person. But then when she read through the whole text, I was like, okay, well now I understand like she and I understand where she's coming from. So it gave me a better understanding of like, where they're thinking and like, what what exactly like they're thinking in their heads, because I was confused on that one here.

Coach  3:30  
Absolutely. And when we can see what they're thinking or then we can navigate alright, now how am I going to respond to this to fix their can help. So let's practice. You're going to be the teacher and the student. And you're going to ask me, how is Lisa most likely feeling when Pismo brings up the light result? And I'm going to be the student will respond.

Teacher  3:55  
Okay. Um, so how, how? So how does Lisa most likely feel when Pismo brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  4:04  
I think Lisa is nervous.

Teacher  4:08  
Nervous on what do you think that she's nervous? What makes you think that?

Coach  4:14  
Remember to use text? Go into the chat and you can pull it up there. Okay. Okay, good. Okay. I'm ready. All right. So I think the answer is nervous.

Teacher  4:27  
Okay, great. Well, can you tell me where and the text would support that or make you think that she's nervous?

Coach  4:35  
So, in paragraph 20, it says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest. So that makes me think that she must be nervous.

Teacher  4:46  
Oh, wow. I love how you went back to your text and found the evidence. And that does make me think that she's nervous too, because when I get nervous, my heart would start pounding in my chest. So does anyone else.

Coach  4:59  
Perfect, perfect. So great job. Remember to specifically ask for text evidence, like try to repeat that in your head a couple of times. Text evidence, can you give me text evidence? Where's the text evidence? Any of those work? And we're gonna try this again. In our next simulation.

