Coach  0:01  
So how'd that go for you?

Teacher  0:03  
I think that was kind of fun. I wish I would have let them talk a little bit more.

Coach  0:07  
Hmm. Say more about that.

Teacher  0:10  
Um, I feel like sometimes, I get so caught up in guiding the discussion- Well, in real life with my kids, I know how it feels to be put on the spot, so, a lot of times, I can't tell if my kids aren't answering the question because they're thinking about it, or if they're not answering the question because they have nothing to say and they're so nervous. So sometimes I feel like if I move on, I'm throwing them a bone, but I think in that aspect, I just have to work with them. I have to, like, give them sentence starters and teach them how to say like, "I'm thinking about it, I just need a minute," or "come back to me," and like, give them options to come back instead of just, like, moving on from them.

Coach  0:53  
Okay, so something, something- I'm gonna start with positives. Your energy is amazing. I love that-

Teacher  1:01  
Thank you!

Coach  1:01  
- *inaudible because spoken over* your students. I think that's great. Something that I... I want to work on with you, though, is the part where you're talking about getting students to talk more, and like, thinking about what do you actually need them to say. Right? So, what we're going to be focusing on is pushing students to give us text evidence. 

Teacher  1:31  
Okay. 

Coach  1:32  
Why do you think it's important for students to give you text evidence and not to just say things like, "I think Lisa is nervous, I think Lisa is excited." Why is it important to provide text evidence?

Teacher  1:44  
Well it proves that they have reading comprehension, and that they can recall that comprehension. 

Coach  1:50  
Yes.

Teacher  1:51  
And that they can extrapolate from that. It just covers all the blooms.

Coach  1:56  
Yeah. And one thing that it also does on top of what you said is it helps us see where they're thinking. You do something- You've been doing something, and I really wanted you to let students do this because Ethan says something to you -- Ethan said, "I think- I think Lisa is excited about her new job." And your response was, "Oh, because her heart was racing, yeah?" And that's textual evidence that actually, I would have wanted Ethan to say.

Teacher  2:27  
Got it. 

Coach  2:28  
Right? You also did it again with, with Ava. She said, "Oh, yeah, she's the new student intern." And you go, "That's what she said, right?" Yeah, it's what she said, but that's what you want the students to say. 

Teacher  2:46  
Got it. 

Coach  2:47  
So instead of providing that textual evidence for students, what I'm asking is that you allow them to provide the textual evidence to you so that you can see where they're thinking. 

Teacher  2:59  
Got it. 

Coach  3:02  
So here, I'm gonna model it. So, Jasmine says, "Lisa's feeling nervous." My response would be -- and I'm gonna put this in the chat -- my response to Jasmine's, "Lisa's feeling nervous," would be, "Thank you, but using text evidence, tell me how you know this." Or, "Great job. Can you tell me where in the text supports your answer?" Either one of them is fine as long as you have text evidence. Can you tell me what text evidence you're using? Or can you find text evidence that supports your answer? Why might that be better?

Teacher  3:52  
Well, it allows my kids to think for themselves. 

Coach  3:55  
Yes. 

Teacher  3:56  
Which is the most important part. I, in my own practice, I know that I do that- I do this to my kids, and I don't even notice that I do this. And in the math context, I- It's easier for me to fall into this trap because a lot of times, the answers are just a number, you know? So it's easy for me to just say it, and I have been dealing with the consequences of that because my kids are too dependent on me. 

Coach  4:24  
Yes.

Teacher  4:25  
Like, they're so dependent. It's like I have to- Like, their little books are open and I have to feed them like this. And it's also because I have some bad habits that are hard to break out of like this. *laughs*

Coach  4:39  
Well, we're gonna break them today. So let's practice. 

Teacher  4:42  
Let's do it.

Coach  4:43  
We're gonna practice this. So I am going to be a student. I'm going to be Lisa -- er, not Lisa -- Jasmine, and you're going to be the teacher. You're going to ask me, how is Lisa... How is Lisa most likely feeling when Pizmo brings up the lie detector results, and I'm going to give you an answer without text evidence and you're gonna probe me. Okay?

Teacher  5:07  
Okay. Okay, so we're at the point where Lisa and Pizmo finally met. They're talking. They're talking about her results, right, like on that little survey that she took. So how do you think Lisa is feeling when they're going- Like, when that conversation is happening? What do you think she's- What do you think is going through her head?

Coach  5:28  
Lisa is nervous.

Jasmine  5:30  
She's nervous? Show me- Show me where it says that she's nervous, or show me where you're getting context clues or some clues where she could be nervous. Where do you see that? I want to see.

Coach  5:42  
So, in paragraph twenty, it said her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest.

Teacher  5:49  
Have you ever had your heart pound really loudly in your chest?

Coach  5:52  
I have, and that happens to me when I'm scared or nervous. 

Teacher  5:56  
Oh, okay. So when you're scared or nervous, your heart sounds really fast. So you're thinking that, because Lisa's heart is pounding really fast, she probably is scared or nervous, too, huh?

Coach  6:07  
Yes. 

Teacher  6:08  
I see. 

Coach  6:09  
Perfect. Great job allowing me to give you the textual evidence. We're going to try this again, but this time, when we try, we're gonna try it in the sim in the second scenario. Do you have any questions before we begin the second scenario? 

Teacher  6:25  
Nope!

Coach  6:25  
Alrighty. Good luck. Remember to ask students, "Can you give me evidence from the text? Can you give me evidence from the text?" Just remember that. 

Teacher  6:38  
Got it.

Coach  6:38  
Alright.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
