Unknown Speaker  0:01  
All right, How'd that feel?

Unknown Speaker  0:03  
It was okay. I feel like it could have gone better.

Unknown Speaker  0:09  
Say more, why do you say why do you think?

Unknown Speaker  0:11  
Um, I didn't get to the last question. I feel like I could have also like, gotten better text related things to like, prove my point. You know what I mean? Like, the what I answered back, it could have been stronger.

Unknown Speaker  0:36  
Let's talk about that. Before we talk about that and put a pin on it, I'm gonna talk about what you did that was really good. Your tone was great with students. They're just straight to the point very. I want to say teach us that. What I am going to say is you do a good job, like when when students get the answer wrong. You're thinking about like, how can I direct them to the text to help them? Right? 

Unknown Speaker  1:07  
Right.

Unknown Speaker  1:08  
That's a great thing. It means this tells me that you're familiar with the texts, and you're trying to guide students into texts. What I want to work on is actually what happens step before that. Or you guide the students into the texts and tell them where to look. What I want to work on is how do we now probe students to give you textual evidence before you tell them where to find it in the text? Okay, so why do you think it's important to have students probe give you textual evidence after they give you like, one word answer or claim response?

Unknown Speaker  1:48  
So that they can, like better understand the text by knowing exactly why they think what they think, just to better dissect what they're reading. And then once they better dissect it, they'll understand it better.

Unknown Speaker  2:03  
I think the key part in here that I want to point out is having them do it. So they develop those skills. 

Unknown Speaker  2:10  
Right. 

Unknown Speaker  2:11  
Now, I'm going to give you an example of how I would respond if a student gave me a claim for a short answer, without textual evidence. So, Jasmine's says, Lisa is feeling nervous. Great, thank you, Jasmine. But using text evidence, or using evidence from the text, tell me how you know this. And this is different, a little bit different from what you do, because what you're doing is, and this is common, I see this all the time. Well, you're is, why do you think, right? And the answer, why do you think without actually giving you text evidence? So that's the nuance the nuance is, as soon as they give you a response, if they're not using textual evidence, guide them to probe them to give you textual evidence. Using evidence from your texts, why do you think that? If they give you the right answer, probe for textual evidence. If they give you the wrong answer, probe for textual evidence. It's always like a go to to make sure that students that you can see where their thinking is happening and related to a text. 

Unknown Speaker  3:28  
Okay. 

Unknown Speaker  3:30  
So now let's practice. You're the teacher? And you're going to ask me how Lisa most likely feeling when Pismo brings up the lie detector results? And I'm going to give this to you in response. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  3:48  
Okay. How does Lisa most likely feel and Pismo brings up her lie detector results?

Unknown Speaker  3:53  
Lisa is nervous.

Unknown Speaker  3:57  
You think she's nervous? I think that's a great point. Why don't we look back at the text and you tell me exactly why you think that so let's look at the words and how we can pull those out. So you can explain why you think that?

Unknown Speaker  4:11  
You have to say using texual evidence. So let's try it again from the text. 

Unknown Speaker  4:28  
We have no teachers, we had to split a class has been a rough one. No worries.

Unknown Speaker  4:33  
I'm going to do you a solid and when I'm going to do is I'm going to just write the I'm going to chat it to you. Okay. Okay, so to go. So if you need a visual reminder. Okay. Let's go.

Unknown Speaker  4:52  
Oh, wait, I have to ask question. Okay. How does Lisa most likely feel when Pismo brings up her lie detector results.

Unknown Speaker  4:59  
I think Lisa is feeling nervous. 

Unknown Speaker  5:02  
That's a great response.

Unknown Speaker  5:04  
Can you tell me where in the text supports your answer?

Unknown Speaker  5:08  
Yeah. In paragraph 20 It says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest. So this makes me think that she's nervous.

Unknown Speaker  5:18  
Okay, that's a great point.

Unknown Speaker  5:20  
Alright. So great job that time we're going to do again, practice this again. So your kids give you they give you a response with no text evidence, probe them to give you textual evidence. Right or wrong answer, probe them to get textual evidence and practice that. 

Unknown Speaker  5:39  
End simulation.

