Coach  0:00  
Alright, Teacher. So how did you think that went?

Teacher  0:03  
I was a little nervous. *Laughs*

Coach  0:04  
*Laughs* It is definitely a nerve wracking experience.

Teacher  0:08  
Yeah. I teach math, so I feel like a lot of the questions or the ways that I probe my students is a lot different than if I were an English teacher. So I did feel a little bit out of element, but I tried my best.

Coach  0:24  
So I am also a math teacher. I was also mostly a math teacher in my experience, and it does kind of feel a little bit out of element. I do think that there were some things in there that I didn't look at this and think like, oh, she definitely doesn't teach reading because you did really reference the text a lot and you did say, you know, like, "Where's your text evidence for that?" And when the- When Savannah talks about being the reporter, you're like, "Oh, yeah, like, that's what I was looking for. I was looking for that text evidence." And so, that's something that's really important with ELA and you gave that feedback. You asked for it, you expected it. So I don't think that you looked like you were a fish out of water by any means. Is there anything that you- Maybe you think you got extra tripped up over?

Teacher  1:13  
Um... I think I got tripped up when they got stumped about who Lisa really was. I didn't-

Coach  1:19  
Yeah.

Teacher  1:19  
-know how to redirect it. And maybe because the text wasn't so fresh in my head -- I read it this morning -- so-

Coach  1:27  
So yeah, we can definitely, um, we could definitely look- We'll definitely look at that, and we'll think about how, when students are stumped-

Teacher  1:34  
Yeah.

Coach  1:33  
 -how we can engage in kind of questioning them with some scaffolded supports, which will look different in ELA, but it's something super similar that we want to do in math. When a student gets something wrong, we want to engage in questioning them and kind of helping them to focus their thinking, but still let the student be the thinker there. So that's kind of a similarity and I'll kind of try to make those references for you with the math and reading. 

Teacher  1:34  
Yeah.

Coach  1:34  
But so, it first comes up with Ethan when he's talking about how she's excited, right? And he says, "I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job." And we are hoping that they think she's nervous, right, based off of the evidence Jasmine had. And so you asked first, what evidence do you have? And he talked about things in paragraph two. And I saw you said, "I think I'd be pretty happy too if I landed this. But as we read further what we revealed- What did we reveal about her actual job?" So you did question but you didn't necessarily provide that scaffold, so we need to kind of, like, focus the question a little bit. Right? And so, one way we could do that in like literacy with this text is by saying like, "As we read further, we find out some more information. Maybe could you read paragraph twenty?" And so that way, we're pointing the student, but still putting them in the power to do the reading and make the decision. Just like how we still want to position our math students to do the math and be the thinkers, we still want the students here to do the reading and do the thinking here. So just by even like, just adding that one little bit to that question of like, "As we read further, why don't you read paragraph twenty and see if you still think she's excited." And that way, you're just kind of focusing it for them, and then the student might be like, "Oh, her heart was pounding, she could barely hear. I guess she's probably not excited. Maybe she's nervous." You know, but they're able to read the text and kind of interpret it again and figure it out. 

Teacher  3:34  
Okay.

Coach  3:34  
So if we think about Ava with being a new student intern, and they're like, "She's the new student intern, she's the new student intern," where do you think in the text we can maybe help point them so that they get that she's not the student intern?

Teacher  3:50  
Yeah. That was the- I think a little bit difficult part for me in the simulation was because I knew it was only five minutes, and I didn't want to waste time skimming through the paragraph to pick out- 

Coach  4:01  
Yeah, so we don't necessarily have time to read it again, but we could be like, if- Do you have it pulled up to look through it? Because-

Teacher  4:09  
Yes, I'm looking through it right now to see what I can point to... "Lisa could feel herself going nervous as they neared lab 302." Why do you she was nervous? She wouldn't feel nervous if she was an actual student intern. So maybe...

Coach  4:27  
Yeah. And it said like in that same paragraph, paragraph four, you know, "Would he be able to tell who she really was? Would he know that her cover of being a student intern was all a lie?" So like, all three of those sentences give us different clues. So, um, you know, Ava says she's the new student intern, you ask where in the text? Ava says paragraph one. How could you ask them a question now, but give them a little bit of support in getting the correct answer? What could you say to Ava this time?

Teacher  5:01  
I would probably say, "That's a great observation, but as we read further in the text, a few things are revealed to us about Lisa. So I want you to reread paragraph four, and I want you to pick one sentence that may or may not support your original statement."

Coach  5:22  
Yeah, that was great because you give her some focus to where to look, and you're like, "Do you still agree with your original statement?" So you're asking for that claim and then you're also asking for that evidence. So you're saying, "What do you think, and where in the text makes you think that?" So in math, it looks a little bit different, but we still engage in that, like, "That's not what I want, but I'm gonna ask you some more focused questions to help you get there." And so, we want to just do that as we go into the second round of the simulation. We want to ask the students some questions that will help them revise their thinking, but still give them that little bit of support to move in the right direction. 

Teacher  5:57  
Okay. 

Coach  5:58  
Okay? Awesome. Well thank you, Teacher, and do you have any questions for me?

Teacher  6:02  
Um, yes. I only got to the first two questions. Did you want me to speed it up to get to the third? Okay.

Coach  6:08  
That's okay. If the simulation needs you to get to third, they'll, they'll push you along. So, two's the norm. 

Teacher  6:14  
Okay, great. Thank you. 

Coach  6:15  
Alright.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
