Coach  0:03  
Alright, Niko, thank you, I want to give you first, before we get into it a little bit of praise. One, I could definitely tell that you were super prepared, both by the conversation we had and you flashing your paper, being prepared is super important, obviously, far less than so thank you for that. And then also, you were super engaged with your students. And you could tell that you really are interested in what they had to say and wanted them to feel valued. And that's also a very important part of the leading a discussion. So how did you think that went?

Teacher  0:33  
I think it went relatively well. They were pointing out what I wanted to point out. But there was that one comment at the start about like excitement as the first job and I was like, Ooh, red flag, let's move to this question. See if it can like, kind of, like, get meaning from there. And yeah.

Coach  0:51  
So I think that's kind of an important thing, too. And that can actually be what we work on today is how we're going to respond to these students and scaffold in a way, when it's not the answer that we're looking for. So when what is in an ideal answer to you?

Teacher  1:08  
My ideal answer to the first question...

Coach  1:12  
Or just like, in just in general, with text, kind of like, what are you looking for when a student response.

Teacher  1:18  
response, I generally look for two things, I'm looking for an opinion. And I'm also looking for evidence to back up that opinion, I always tell my kids that they can have any opinion that they want to they just have to back it up with the facts.

Coach  1:31  
Yep. So we refer to those things as like the claim and the evidence. And then there's also a third piece, which I noticed that you really probed with Jasmine for that piece being the warrant. So the connection of why the evidence supports that. So you really probe for that warrant with jasmine, because you asked her, you know, why does g make you feel nervous? So you helped her make that connection? So in that first response, you were able to get everything? And then we can think about Ethan? So we asked Ethan the question, and you asked him why he thinks that. And one little thing that we can do to even improve on that is just by specifically saying what in the text makes you think that or where in the text. So making sure that we really point to not just why but that we want the why with text evidence. And so he responds with all these things about one thing being a cool company. And so what are you hoping that he sees that would change his mind?

Teacher  2:30  
We were still on the lie detector at that play? Yeah, with the text evidence, I was wanting him to point out, see, there's that nervousness right in there about being blown for cover as a spy.

Coach  2:49  
And then later in paragraph like 14 heart starting to beat and then Pismo really brings up those lie detector results in paragraph 19. And so Ethan gives us text evidence. But it's not what we're talking about here, kind of like you pointed out, we need him to point to the nervousness of the lie detector results. So we could scaffold this for him by just pointing him in the right direction of the test, still giving him the power and the voice to read it and make that connection on his own. But just asking him, you know, okay, she might be excited then. But let's read about at paragraph 19. Maybe she is feeling something different or paragraph 20. And so when we read in paragraph 20. Ethan might read that and then be like, Oh, maybe she's not so excited. But just by asking a question and pointing them in the right direction. Or helping them to clarify their misunderstanding through some questions. 

Teacher  3:52  
Awesome. 

Coach  3:53  
So if we think about the next question with Lisa being the student intern, um, you asked, you know, why do you think that is? It says it right in paragraph one. So what maybe point in the text, maybe you want to point a student to that has a misconception there. Okay, you're back. Oh, did I freeze? I'm sorry.

Teacher  4:19  
Internet is unstable for some reason. Yeah.

Coach  4:22  
Okay. We'll see. We'll see if you can hear me now. Am I good? 

Teacher  4:26  
Yep. 

Coach  4:26  
Okay. So, if we think about Ava's response with being a student intern, what could we maybe help her? What could we say to her in response to help scaffold her understanding and point her in the right direction?

Teacher  4:40  
Context clues paragraph number four.

Coach  4:43  
Yeah, so just saying like, Hey, Ava, why don't you check out number four? Do you still think she's the student inter but that way if we are able to scaffold and give the students some support? With some questions, it might help them to clarify that misunderstanding. but still looking for that text evidence and that warrant like you said or that text evidence yeah and the warrant that might help them to kind of give all those parts of the answer together so we are out of our five minutes now.

