Coach  0:01  
So how'd that feel for you? How'd it go?

Teacher  0:04  
It was a lot more comfortable than previous simulations.

Coach  0:08  
I bet. I really bet because I know that Ethan is not acting like Ethan did before, so that's definitely *inaudible* So I wanted to just start off with some positives here. And something that you're doing, that you're doing really well is you're keeping great tone with your students. Like, that's really great. Like you're saying *inaudible* going along with them. Something else that you did was, your follow up question for Ethan was really strong. You said, "Can you tell me something that you read in the text that tells you how she's feeling?" And this is actually something that I want to focus on as an area of growth as well. When you did this, like this was so strong. Now, it's just about expanding this to other aspects of the conversation. So why is it important to pull- to have students provide text evidence?

Teacher  1:09  
Because that way, they're providing, like, supportive evidence for what they're sharing. They're not just pulling an idea out of their head. They're actually processing and analyzing the text and getting something from that.

Coach  1:22  
Exactly, exactly. So as much as possible, we want to have them pull text evidence. Another reason why having students give us text evidence is really just important is because the text evidence helps us to understand what they're thinking. So if a student gives us an idea that Lisa is feeling excited and we know that's the wrong answer, having them tell us where in the text tells you this helps us to understand where, where is this student focusing their attention in the text. Right?

Teacher  1:56  
Mmhm.

Coach  1:57  
What I'm going to do is, I'm going to model for you how I would respond to the student who gave me an answer without using text evidence. And I'm going to drop it into the chat, just to have it there. So, I'm responding to Jasmine. Jasmine tells me, she's feeling nervous. My response to her will be, "Thank you, but using text evidence, tell me how you know this." Using text evidence, tell me how you know this. Or I can say, "Great job Jasmine. Can you tell me where in the text supports you answer?" Can you tell where in the text supports your answer? So just getting really used to asking for text evidence is going to be important here. 

Teacher  2:46  
Okay. 

Coach  2:47  
Why do you think this might be better.

Teacher  2:51  
Because no matter what, if their answer is right or wrong, it's going to help them solidify their processing of, of the text that we're reading, and get used to being able to not only just make a statement about something, but make a statement and say why they think that.

Coach  3:08  
Uh huh, absolutely. So now let's practice it. Let's try it. So you're going to be the teacher and I'm going to be a student who gives you an answer without using text evidence. 

Teacher  3:21  
Okay. 

Coach  3:21  
Okay? So the question that you're going to ask me is, how is Lisa most likely feeling when Pizmo brings up the lie detector results? And I'm going to respond as a student.

Teacher  3:35  
Alright, so how is Lisa feeling when Pizmo brings up the lie detector results? 

Coach  3:42  
Lisa is nervous.

Teacher  3:45  
So why- Let's think about why is Lisa nervous. How can we tell this from the text that we read?

Coach  3:53  
Well, in paragraph twenty, it says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest.

Teacher  4:01  
Awesome! So we see that her heart is pounding in her chest. And so, what does that mean? How is her body responding there?

Coach  4:08  
So it makes me think that she's nervous because her heart and her body is responding with her heart pounding. 

Teacher  4:16  
Alright. 

Coach  4:18  
So, pause. Great job there. You, like, slid in based on the text and I was like, okay, bet. One thing that you did is during the session, you were saying, "How do know this, how do you know this? So how do you- Or, why do you think this happened?" So, getting away from those generics. Like, "How do you know this," to "Using evidence from the text, how do you know this?"

Teacher  4:47  
*Laughing* That's the science teacher coming out here.

Coach  4:50  
*Laughing* Using evidence from the text, how do you know this? Okay, so we're gonna try this again, but this time when we try it, we're gonna try in the simulation. 

Teacher  5:00  
Okay.

Coach  5:03  
 Do you have any questions before we begin our second simulation?

Teacher  5:06  
Uh, nope. 

Coach  5:10  
Okay so when you're ready to get started let me know and we'll start scenario two

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
