Coach  0:00  
How'd you think this simulation went?

Teacher  0:01  
Eh, it went fine. I think that last question was a little wordy. Like, in real life, that would never have worked. Um, you know. They woulda been like, "Huh? What?" So...

Coach  0:11  
There are definitely some strengths that I wanted to point out, and then an area that we can work on. So- 

Teacher  0:16  
Sounds good.

Coach  0:16  
-I think that one thing was, you were really engaging. You- The way you kind of went back and forth with your students, and you were quick to respond to them. You were quick to respond to them, which shows that you were super engaged, and you really also valued their opinions. And you, like, had an interesting way of going about, like, asking the students questions, going to another one, going back to others. But like, you consistently asked for text evidence which is super important, because when we're working with text, we want our students to provide text evidence. And so, one thing that I think I want to help you with is, I noticed that you did like- When students had misunderstandings, you did sort of like, go back and ask those questions. And you sort of thought about, like the feelings by positioning, is it nervous or is excited. But we weren't exactly sure about which... It wasn't necessarily always clear which response the students should be getting. So we want to make sure that we- When we provide students with feedback when they have a misunderstanding, that we ask those scaffolded questions. And I'm sorry, I can't concentrate.

Teacher  0:35  
You're totally fine. 

Coach  0:39  
*Coach gets up to remove a squeaky toy from their dog* No, gimme that squeaker.

Teacher  1:31  
You just broke a dog's heart.

Coach  1:33  
It's okay, he'll get it back in a minute. All right, resume. And so, we just want to ask these scaffolded questions that kind of help guide the students to the right answers by kind of helping them see what we want them to see. So, for Ethan, he's thinking about One Thing being an exciting place-

Teacher  1:53  
Right.

Coach  1:53  
-and Jasmine's thinking about the lie detector results, which- What's the question actually asking us about in this situation?

Teacher  2:01  
Right, the lie detector results specifically.

Coach  2:03  
Right. So, at some point at the end, you were like, "Okay, so we have two great claims with two great pieces of evidence." Were both of them great for this question?

Teacher  2:15  
I see. I see your point. Right, right.

Coach  2:17  
So we can still say, you know, like, "Ethan, like, you've provided me with a claim, and you provided me with evidence that supports that claim, but let's think about what this question is asking us." Or, "Let's think about paragraph 20, where her hands are clammy and her heart is pounding." And, do you see how like, by redirecting him to a different part of the text, he might recognize that excited is not the best option?

Teacher  2:17  
I gotcha. 

Coach  2:17  
And so, I know sometimes it can feel kind of mean or uncomfortable. You don't want to like, push students down or tell them, you know, "No, that's not right." But we also want them to see what the best answer is here.

Teacher  2:55  
Mmhm, mmhm.

Coach  2:55  
So, if we think back to that scenario where we'd like to say, "Okay, we've got two pieces of text and- Er, two claims and two different pieces of evidence." How might we kind of pivot to getting Ethan to recognize that excited is not the best answer, and maybe nervous is better? 

Teacher  3:16  
Gotcha. Alright. I mean, the key could be thinking about understanding the story as a whole and asking about, okay, so we've seen this whole story, right? And, you know, the idea of what you think's going to happen next, right?

Coach  3:32  
Yeah!

Teacher  3:32  
And we bring the idea of the context and saying like, well, something has to happen, it can't just all be, you know, happy through that day. Right, the plot has to thicken.

Coach  3:39  
Yeah, and so that's kind of like looking at the story as a whole. Like, "Ethan you told us just about kind of the first paragraph with One Thing being cool. But maybe what happens later, is that better evidence for how she's feeling when the lie detector results are brought up?" But that way, we can kind of, like, use the text to give it to him and help him revise his thinking, rather than us just tell him, "That's great," or tell him, "That's wrong," but giving him the power to fix his own misunderstanding. 

Teacher  4:06  
Right, right.

Coach  4:07  
So, in question two, with like, Ava being the student thinker- Er, the student, student intern, how can we... At the very end of the simulation, a student brought up paragraph four and was like, "Oh, yeah. She might be lying." How can we maybe help Ava to see that maybe a little bit sooner in the discussion, since this one is pretty short.

Teacher  4:30  
Mmhm. Think beyond... beyond the explicit. And I think even what you were saying with the focusing on the lie detector results. Right, focusing on what the key hinge of this story, the vehicle of the, of the suspense is centering around. And right, this idea that there's something more than meets the eye, and that way, right, point her right away to that paragraph- Er, yeah, paragraph four.

Coach  4:54  
Yeah!

Teacher  4:54  
And then bring that into the conversation.

Coach  4:56  
Right. And so, instead of somebody just saying, you know, like, "Okay, like, that is interesting, but let's go ahead and read paragraph four. Like, it tells us she's an intern, but what does it tell us later?" And so, I think that you have a really great energy when you're leading these discussions, and you do ask a lot of questions and you want your students to be the thinkers, so when we move to the second round of simulation, and we're going to start over again with question one, just think about how we can kind of scaffold our questions so that we can help students revise their thinking using the text. 

Teacher  5:24  
Sounds good. 

Coach  5:25  
Awesome. Well, thank you, Teacher, and I apologize again for the rowdy-

Teacher  5:27  
You're totally fine! No worries.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
