Jamie  0:03  
All right how did you think that went?

Participant  0:06  
I think it went decently. I teach math. So I don't really have conversations this way too often.

Jamie  0:14  
Um, well, I would like to go ahead and say that, I was pretty impressed because I also was a previous math teacher. And I think that it was really clear, I thought that you might have taught reading because it looked like you really knew what you wanted to hear in an answer, because we call it the claim, which the student says, the evidence, and then the warrant, which is kind of connecting that evidence and the claim, and you asked students for those things. And you also--when students gave them to you, you gave really quality feedback, saying, like, Thank you for telling me your evidence and explaining why and you provided a lot of really quality feedback to students. So good work there. I thought you were a reading teacher.

Participant  0:56  
Thank you, I sometimes wish I was, but I did not choose and that's okay.

Jamie  1:00  
And so I think what we can work on, though, is maybe when we, when we see students get a little bit confused, or when they don't respond to us with the answer that we're hoping for, how we can kind of scaffold that for them, which we also do a lot of in math, so some of the same tricks will apply. So if we think about when Ethan says excited, and he says, like, she's excited, and you ask for text evidence, which is 100% appropriate, and he gets talks about one thing being this cool place and things like that, how, what might we be able to say to help him realize, though, that excited isn't the most appropriate answer?

Participant  1:40  
I realized after that, like, shoot, he--the question was talking specifically about the lie detector results. So I think like in the future, I could direct him specifically to that part of the text and ask him what there makes him say excited. I feel like that would help.

Jamie  1:55  
That's exactly right. So we could, you know, we could say like, Okay, those are all great things. And then you could point him to that part in the text. So, you know, anywhere between 14 and 23. So you could, what might you be able to say? Like if I was Ethan. So I'm like, oh, all these things about one thing? What would you actually pretend to say to me?

Participant  2:17  
Like, Ethan thank you so much for sharing that. And I really appreciate that you backed it up with evidence from the text? When we talk about this question, I see that we're talking only about those lie detector results. So I'm gonna give you a challenge. Let's look only at the section of the text, where we talk about the lie detector results. Is there anything there that makes you think she might be excited? Or is there a word you want to pick?

Jamie  2:41  
Oh, yeah, in in 20, when, right after Prismo says that, he she says her heart's pounding. So that might not be excited. In her hands were clammy. So yeah, so you you rephrased it in the form of a question too, which is great, because we're still putting the thinking on Ethan. Just like how we want to do a math class and give the students the thinking and not do it for them by rephrasing it as a question and pointing them to a new part in the text, you do that. So what about with the new student intern? So when Ava thinks that she's the new student, intern? And I'm like, yeah, in paragraph one, right there. So you said, Who do you think she really is? Maybe, Is she someone else? Um, and if I'm Ava, I might be thinking like, I still think she's a student intern in paragraph one. So maybe where could we point her to and ask her kind of that question, but with a little bit more scaffolding in there. So maybe is she someone else? What else could we say kind of on the end of that to help guide Ava?

Participant  3:50  
Maybe I would say like, you're right. She's introduced as the student intern right away, but it seems like she might be somebody else. I want you to take a look at paragraph three. And see what in that paragraph tells you who else she might be.

Jamie  4:08  
So the one Pismo was a genius inventor.

Participant  4:11  
Yes.

Jamie  4:14  
Oh, my fire alarm is going off. Give me one second. I'm sorry. I apologize. Turn that off. It's very sensitive. Okay, resume. Okay. So, um, he. I don't know what about paragraph three. I'm not seeing anything there. He refused to speak.

Participant  4:55  
Okay. All right. Let's look at paragraph four. Is there anything in four that might give you a hint as to who she could be, or that she may not only be an intern?

Jamie  5:05  
Oh, yeah. So would she be able to tell that her cover as a student intern was all a lie? Hmm, yeah. So I guess she's not who she said she is. Okay, so you really in this practice, you showed me that you can take questions with the student or you can take when a student is wrong and ask them questions in a feedback loop pointing them to the right parts in the text to help them revisit their understanding. And I'm really sorry about my fire alarm going off or the smoke detector going off. So in this next round, we're just going to work on applying that kind of questioning loop to students to help fix their misunderstanding. Great. All right. You can begin simulation

