Coach  0:00  
How did that go for you.

Teacher  0:05  
It went, Well, I think I get very chatty with stories, I will say it was nice this time there weren't constant behavior issues, and we can talk about something. 

Coach  0:19  
It is a quite a different experience from classroom norms. For sure. I do want to start by saying something that you did really well. And that is really pushing the text evidence with students really ensuring that they are giving you text evidence so that you can see their thinking and their processes. Just remember to like, always do it, there was only one time I think it was with Ava when she said, she's the new student intern that you didn't cope with for textual evidence. But you did a really good job with Jasmin and Ethan, I believe. Something that I want to work on today is I want to work on like, what do you do when students give you the wrong answer? How do you scaffold for student misunderstanding? So what can we do as teachers? When students misunderstand? What are some techniques that you have?

Teacher  1:22  
That's a good question. I'm pulling them back to that text evidence asking them what led them to that answer. A lot of times I noticed in my classroom, it's because they're making a personal connection or a text to text connection, and it's not quite the same. So really hitting on that text evidence that helps them kind of come to maybe reading that text evidence and thinking aloud myself, so they can kind of see what that might look like.

Coach  1:51  
Yeah, absolutely. So now I want to model for you what I would do. And so it's very similar to what you're saying. So in my model, I'm, I'm going to also drop my model into the chat so you can follow along. So Ethan says, I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job. That's the wrong answer. But I'm gonna say thank you for sharing me then, using evidence from the text. Tell me why you think it's so just like you said, getting them back into the text is something that you're already doing. So thank you even using evidence from the text, tell me why you think this is probably going to give me evidence that's not aligned to the correct answer is probably going to give me evidence that's aligned to his answer, which I wrote incorrect. So I'm gonna follow up with Ethan, can you read paragraph four? What do we learn about Lisa? I'll have him read paragraph four, which is more aligned to how she's feeling. And once he's done reading paragraph four, I will say, based on what you just read, has your answer changed? Okay. So, sending him into the texts, guiding him to the correct space in the text, and then asking him if his answer has changed him or her? If this answer, the answer has changed, okay. Why might this be better?

Teacher  3:25  
I think it gives them the opportunity to think themselves instead of me just telling them what the right answer is. It gives them the opportunity to practice those skills and feel like they came to that answer themselves and also allows me to see where they're at.

Coach  3:44  
Yes, absolutely. So let's practice this. I'm going to be the student and you're going to be the teacher. They're going to ask me, how is Lisa most likely feel when Pismo mind brings up the light of technical results. I'm gonna give a student and I'm gonna give you the wrong answer. Okay.

Teacher  4:03  
Okay. So how do you think Lisa is is most likely feeling when Pismo brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  4:13  
I think Lisa is calm.

Teacher  4:18  
You think she's calm? Thank you for sharing that. Now. What text evidence makes you think that she is calm?

Coach  4:26  
Well, in paragraph 22 is says she smiled and relaxed.

Teacher  4:33  
In paragraph 22 okay, says that she smiled and relaxed. So let's go back up to that paragraph that says where we found the lie detector results when it was first brought up. Which is paragraph let me find it myself. It says in paragraph 20, how is Lisa feeling and paragraph 20 right after the break adults are brought up?

Coach  5:01  
Well in paragraph 20 It says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest.

Teacher  5:09  
Okay, what did we learn about Lisa and her feelings in that paragraph?

Coach  5:15  
Well, maybe that she's nervous or scared.

Teacher  5:18  
maybe she's nervous or scared. Okay. Thank you for sharing that. So your has your answer changed from calm to nervous and scared now that you've read that paragraph? 

Coach  5:29  
Yes. 

Teacher  5:30  
Okay. Thank you so much for sharing.

Coach  5:32  
Awesome, great job. They're really did a great job. So we're gonna give you another time to practice this. And what we're practicing just to reiterate, is when students give you the incorrect answer, having them give you text evidence, guiding them to where the correct  evidences is and asking that the answer has changed.

