Teacher  0:00  
That went by quickly.

Coach  0:03  
Yeah it does go by really quickly and the coaching round goes by even faster. I'm gonna start my timer now. Um, how did you think that went? Was there anything that you maybe recognized that you were doing that you wanted, like additional feedback on kind of based off what you're saying about the responses? 

Teacher  0:23  
So it was, I forget who said it, but I think I did pretty okay when I think it was Ethan said, I don't want to say a wrong answer. But like, not the exemplar answer, what I what I was anticipating to kind of help push the discussion along.

Coach  0:44  
 I did noticed you do, like you recognized that it was wrong. And you, I've kind of like how you were like, you know, Ethan said she might be excited. Jasmine said she was nervous, you know, but we need to think about the lie detector results. So you use those students thinking to kind of clarify which one is the best answer, which is what we want. When a student has something that might be wrong like this, she could be feeling excited, but there is a better answer. And so I noticed you intentionally trying to use the text to point that out. And I think that's something that we can work on that is going to help you also been in social studies and science is it might not always be like a passage of literature like this. But when we ask our students to give us responses, we want to get a little peek at what they're thinking. So we want to make sure we like explicitly ask for evidence. And so sometimes you asked, like, what made you think that and sometimes you asked about text evidence, but sometimes you also, when a student responded with something you were like, yeah, I thought that too. So kind of maybe before we say that, I thought that too, we want to make sure we like the first thing we do is explicitly ask students, you know, what in the text makes you say that? Or where did you find that in the text? And that way, like our parallel on science and social studies would be similar? A lot of the time, oh, am I frozen? Are you frozen? Could you hear me okay? 

Teacher  0:49  
Yeah, I can hear you. 

Coach  1:00  
Okay, I'm going to turn my camera off, because something's freezing. And I just want to make sure you hear me, okay. We want to just make sure in science and social studies, too, that we position our students to be the thinkers, we want to get as much thinking from them as possible. And so we want to ask them a lot of, you know, why do you think that what in that, but we want to be explicit to the text and say, you know, what, in the text made you think that um if it's in science or social studies, you know, what in the document makes you say that in social studies, if it's a primary resource, or, you know, why are you making those conclusions from the science experiment that we did, or the data that we're given, but we want to make sure that we have like an explicit connection to whatever the text is that we're working with? Does that make sense? 

Teacher  3:10  
Yeah that makes sense.

Coach  3:10  
And then we can hear the students thinking, so let's look back at when Ethan says, I'm excited. What can we ask him first? When he or Lisa said Lisa's feeling excited?

Teacher  3:24  
So what made you think that? 

Coach  3:27  
But we want to point him directly to the what? 

Teacher  3:30  
The text right. So what in the text made you think that?

Coach  3:34  
Okay, and then I could be like, Well, I just think that they talk about one thing, like has plenty of money in paragraph 17. And they pay top salaries. So maybe she's excited to make a lot of money. So how could we maybe kind of ask him another question. To point him in the right direction, I think is kind of what you were doing. You said, you know, Ethan asked about the lie detector results, right? You could ask Ethan you know, is the salaries talking about the lie detector results now I could be like, oh, you're right. And maybe go check out another section. Okay, do you see how asking him for next evidence might help you to clarify his misunderstanding. Okay, I'm going to turn my camera back on. I don't like having a black face up there that are not a black screen, excuse me up there. Um, but so if we ask him those questions, to ask for the text evidence, and then ask for to ask him to check a new paragraph that might help him to clarify the misunderstanding. 

Teacher  4:44  
Okay.

Coach  4:47  
So in this next round, I just want us to make sure we give the students the opportunity to explain their text evidence. So as a teacher, we need to make sure we explicitly asked for text evidence. 

Teacher  5:02  
Okay.

Coach  5:04  
Okay. Do you have any questions for me?

Teacher  5:10  
No, I don't think I do.

Coach  5:14  
Okay. Um, but I think that if you apply that there that will also maybe help you with some of your responses in your classroom in science and social studies okay?

Teacher  5:25  
Okay

