Coach  0:00  
Hey, so how did that go for you? 

Teacher  0:02  
That was fun.

Coach  0:05  
Yeah?

Teacher  0:06  
Yeah, we do a lot of work with IFL, and a lot of it's discussion based stuff, so we do a lot of discussions in my class.

Coach  0:15  
Something that I noticed in the beginning that you did really well was asking Jasmine to pinpoint or find text in the- evidence in the text, the pinpoint that tells you why Lisa is feeling nervous. That's a really good strategy, and that's something that, like, you should do anytime a student gives you an answer that's a one word answer, or just a simple claim. Right, how do you know? Where- Like, what tells you that in the text. 

Teacher  0:48  
Yeah. 

Coach  0:49  
Today, what I want to work on is what do you do when students give you the wrong answer. What do you do when students give you the wrong answer? 

Teacher  1:00  
Uh-

Coach  1:00  
So what are some current- Huh?

Teacher  1:03  
No, sorry. What were you gonna say?

Coach  1:05  
I was gonna say, the purpose of this is to try and fix misunderstandings and build a culture of making mistakes. But the question I wanted to ask you is, what can we as teachers do when students misunderstand?

Unknown Speaker  1:21  
Yeah, and that's something that usually, for me, it's more like, let's highlight why you're thinking that way first so we can try and understand what's making you interpret the story that way. And then, a lot of times, just pointing them directly to a paragraph that's going to help them understand, like, where maybe the rest of the class is, or other people, because if one kid's interpreting that way, it's probably multiple of the kids. But that's also an area that a lot of my students help out a lot on because students like to teach their own classmates. So that is something I've liked doing this year. Just, I don't know, kind of helping kids understand their own thinking and then pointing them in the right direction.

Coach  2:12  
I love what you said, and I want to model for you what I would do when students give you the wrong answer. Okay, I'm putting it in the chat, so you can follow along, but we have a lot of similarities. So, Ethan told me, "I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job." I'm not going to say if Ethan was right or wrong, but I am gonna thank him for sharing, and I'm gonna say, "Using evidence from the text, tell me why you think this." This is important because, like you said, it helps me to identify where his thinking is, and where he's focused on, and helps me to highlight how he's getting that answer wrong. He's more than likely going to give me evidence from the text that's incorrect, so I'm going to follow it by, "Hey, Ethan, can you read paragraph four? What do we learn about Lisa?" So like you said, directing him to a place in the text that directly will help him to support his understanding. 

Teacher  3:13  
Mmhm.

Coach  3:13  
Then follow it up with, "Based on what you just read, has your answer changed?" So here's the three things I would do, quick recap. Tell him to give me evidence. How do you know this? Evidence- Using evidence from the text, tell me how you know this. Guiding him to the correct evidence in the text. Asking him how his answer has changed, or if his answer has changed. 

Teacher  3:41  
Okay, perfect.

Coach  3:42  
Why would that be better? 

Teacher  3:52  
Perfect.

Coach  3:54  
So why might this be different or better?

Teacher  3:57  
Um... So just because you are, first off, getting their evidence on why they think that, but then you're allowing them the chance to go back and see the right answer and change their interpretation of it within themselves and try and produce you the right answer.

Coach  4:18  
Absolutely. So now let's practice it together. So you're going to be the teacher, and I'm going to be the student who gives you the wrong answer. When you're ready, ask me how is Lisa most likely feeling when Pizmo brings up the lie detector result, and I'm going to be a student and give you the wrong answer.

Teacher  4:37  
Okay. How is Lisa most likely feeling when Pizmo brings up the lie detector results?

Coach  4:44  
I think Lisa is calm.

Teacher  4:47  
Calm? And can you point me to a specific paragraph that would make you think that Lisa is calm?

Coach  4:53  
Well, in paragraph twenty-two, it says she smiled and relaxed.

Teacher  4:59  
She smiled and relaxed. Okay, that's fine. Um, can we go to paragraph twenty, and would you mind reading that for me? 

Coach  5:08  
Okay. In paragraph twenty, it says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest.

Teacher  5:14  
Her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest. So, thinking and keeping in mind that lie detector test, what do you think it means that her heart was pounding in her chest?

Coach  5:26  
Maybe that she was scared or nervous.

Teacher  5:29  
Yeah, probably that she was scared or nervous, right? When you get scared or nervous, does your heart pound? 

Coach  5:34  
Yes. 

Teacher  5:36  
Yeah, and has that made you kind of rethink your answer, change your answer choice? 

Coach  5:40  
Yeah, I think my answer is that she was scared or nervous. 

Teacher  5:45  
Great.

Coach  5:45  
Alright, perfect. Great job. And we're going to try that again, but this time, we're going to do it in the scenario. 

Teacher  5:53  
Perfect.

Coach  5:55  
Okay? Do you have any questions before we begin? 

Teacher  5:57  
No. 

Coach  6:00  
Okay. Now you get a chance to try the same scenario again from the beginning. When you're ready to get started, let me know.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
