Coach  0:02  
All right. Brittany, how did you think about that? 

Teacher  0:05  
I thought it went pretty well.

Coach  0:06  
It went pretty well, was there anything in particular that you thought was extra strong? Or maybe something that you weren't so sure about?

Teacher  0:13  
Um, no, I think just like, kind of having the back and forth with kids, I never have just five kids. So I'm having being able to like, kind of spend time with each of them. And especially the kids who were participating too much in the first question, stepped up in the second question, which is really cool. So yeah.

Coach  0:31  
I definitely noticed the way you like interacted with your students and in the simulation, and that you really listen and you really empowered their voice is you there were a lot of opportunities for where you asked questions, and that you were really giving the students a lot of opportunity to think. Were there any responses from students that weren't quite what you were looking for? You weren't sure, really how to respond to?

Teacher  0:57  
Um, I think when names are hard, um, the middle girl originally was like, no, she was a student intern. Like, she was definitely student and I was like, Okay, I was scrolling through text, let me find it. Let me find it. I know it's in there somewhere. Because, at first, I was like, How do I get her to think more about, like, what she read and not just take it at face value? Right?

Coach  1:18  
Because, yeah, sometimes the students do like struggle to comprehend the part that we're hoping for, and they might pay attention to one part, but miss the other part. And so, um, you know, Ava really held on to that student intern thing, but you kind of asked her a couple times, like anything else, anything else? But then I didn't notice that you were like, What about paragraph four? And that, that's just a great way this can scaffold student thinking by pointing them to the text, because they might not have read the part that we know is important for the answer very well, or they might not remember that. And sometimes, so asking those like, broader questions might not be as helpful for helping them to revise their thinking. And so using that textual evidence is super important to help them scaffold. And so there was another student who also had a misunderstanding, Ethan, because he was talking to how she was excited. And you responded first to Ethan was just saying, you know, like, Okay, why he talks about Google, and you ask about Google. But does he provide you any evidence from the text?

Teacher  2:20  
Um, no. Just like how I think, how would like he would have thought.

Coach  2:26  
So how do we think that maybe we can help him to revise his thinking, and shift from being like Ethan being excited about working at one thing to recognizing how Lisa feels?

Teacher  2:38  
Um, maybe having him like, point out like, a spot where he thinks that she's excited.

Coach  2:45  
So if he points out a spot where she might be excited, and it might maybe it's like, just in the describing of, you know, they say one thing has top salaries, you know, or something else, or, you know, it's like Google. And so what part do we want him to look for, though, for this question, to think about how Lisa might feel nervous?

Teacher  3:16  
Maybe part 22, where she smiles and relax, because that means that she wasn't relaxed or like anywhere close to like, you know, content before that? I don't know.

Coach  3:25  
Yeah, so that definitely could be one way to be like, Okay, well, now she's relaxed. So before she wasn't. And so this question is like, specifically asking about how she feels in a lie detector results are brought up. And so that really happened in like 19 and 20. And so, to help Ethan clarify his misunderstanding that she might not be excited, we could ask students to read the same way you did in the other question, like, you know, Ethan, you know, this question is asking, I have a lot of detector results, because you read paragraph 19 for me? What do you think she's feeling now? But that way, we still position the students to be the thinkers and like, clarify their misunderstanding, but clearly point to the text. So if I, what if I would that line you point out what if I was a student and I thought that Lisa was relaxed the whole time? What if I'm like, well says she's relaxed, so she feels cool. What might you say to me?

Teacher  4:21  
Paragraph 14.

Coach  4:25  
Okay, so then I'd be like, Oh, her heart rate was speeding up and her Oh, so she wasn't relaxed the whole time. So yeah, that's a good way to position it kind of like well, she's relaxed now. But she wasn't before. That's a new skin. I haven't seen thought of that one yet. Um, so now that we're going into this next round, we just want to make sure that we're continuing to ask students for that text evidence when they're right or wrong, but then that way, when they're wrong, and they have a misunderstanding, we can ask them these scaffolded questions that help us help to clarify their misunderstandings using the tex. All right.

