Coach  0:03  
All right, so how did that go for you. How did it feel?

Teacher  0:06  
 It was fine. Um, I tried to like, you know, extrapolate their ideas and connect them a little bit.

Coach  0:16  
You did a really good job of praising students. And there was a specific moment when you praise Savannah for implementing textual evidence, and I thought that was a great, that was a great, like, positive reinforcement. So really get her to continue to do that. What I want to work on today, is I want to work on I want to focus on text evidence, which means I want to work on getting all the other students to find textual evidence, just like you pointed out that severity. So now, how can we get the other students to do that as well? Okay, so why do you think it's important for students to provide tax evidence and not just give you a claim like "is excited"?

Teacher  1:08  
Right? Yeah, I mean, that's a very important skill to have in life in general, is to be able to backup your opinions and claims. And this is a great way of practicing that of like, Why do you come to the conclusion that you do, based on what you saw? 

Coach  1:25  
Yeah, absolutely. So I want to model for you how I would get students to give me text evidence when I see that they give me a claim. And that's it. So you did something, and I just want to capitalize on this. You said, "Why do you think that"? Or "what made you think that"? And I want to tweak that a little bit? And here's how I would tweak that? If a student told me "Oh, Lisa, is, Lisa is feeling excited", I would say "thank you for your response. But using evidence from the text or using text evidence, tell me how you know this". And this would directly probe them to go back into the text and pull the text evidence. Because sometimes I can tell you why I got this or how I got this without actually giving you text evidence. So if we put it by using text evidence, or using evidence from the text, it's specifically the reps to go back into the texts. Now, why is that? Why is that better?

Teacher  2:47  
Better that you can provide specific evidence that is, I guess, not factual isn't the word that I'm looking for? But like, the evidence is there. No one can argue that these are the words in the text. So like, this is the basis for all of our like extrapolations. And it's what ties us all to this like common ground of discussion? 

Coach  3:12  
Yes, absolutely. So let's practice. Okay. I'm going to be the student, and you're going to be the teacher and you're going to ask me, "How is Lisa most likely feeling when Pismo brings up the lie detector results?" Okay. 

Teacher  3:29  
Okay. 

Coach  3:30  
Whenever you're ready.

Teacher  3:32  
How is Lisa most likely feeling when Pismo brings up the lie detector results?

Coach  3:38  
I think Lisa is nervous. 

Teacher  3:42  
Nervous. Okay. That idea? Why do you say nervous? What evidence from the text could you use to support that idea? 

Coach  3:52  
Perfect. I think Lisa is nervous because it says in paragraph 20 "Her heart was pounding so loudly in the chest." So that's what makes me think that she's scared and nervous. 

Teacher  4:07  
All right. Yeah.

Coach  4:11  
So I noticed that you're still like really itching to say why and that so good, as long as you back it up with using evidence when the texts are pulling evidence from the text. So practice that in your head. And we're going to practice it again. But this time in the second simulation-

Teacher  4:34  
Okay.

Coach  4:35  
I'm excited to see try to use that quote or use the line of using evidence from the text using text evidence to be very specific with students.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
