Coach  0:03  
Okay, um, thank you for perceiving that I definitely think I saw a lot of strengths and also something that we can work on. But how did you think it went?

Unknown Speaker  0:13  
Um, I think so first, it was, like I had the questions, but I should have definitely printed them out. So it's really like a little wonky. But besides issues, I think pretty well towards the end. I know, like, with my students, once they start getting off topic, like we go, like center stuff, and like, who's the main character? What is like, what does the main character want? And what's getting in the way of that? Just so that when it comes to oh, you know, a spy or stuff like that, that it doesn't take our conversation or learning. Anyway, shouldn't be. I was struggling with that part towards the end, I will definitely allow them the talk.

Coach  1:03  
We'll definitely address that. So one thing that I thought was really strong with, especially in with the first question, with Jasmine's response, you were like, let's look for some text evidence. And you really, really nailed that throughout, let's talk about text evidence, what evidence in the text you have, which is obviously really important, because we do, you know, want those responses to have that text evidence. And even with Jasmine's first response, when she said nervous, you wanted to like connect that heart pounding to the nervous feeling really well. So that was definitely a strength I noticed. So let's take a second to talk about when maybe the students didn't give that answer that you were expecting for. So what were you to the who do you think Lisa really is? What were you thinking that students should respond with? What were you hoping for?

Unknown Speaker  1:52  
Well, so the student intern was one but I when I was reading, one, I said truthful because of the result. And then I also said, inquisitive mind, because when they got to elevate a part in her noticing, there's not or just, I don't know, what a good word, but just her noticing that. There weren't buttons on the elevator.

Coach  2:20  
So I think that is sorry, and I just want to move on, because five minutes is fast. Yeah. So if we think about the student intern part, we are told that we could definitely expect the student to have that. But the text does give us a few areas where we recognize that she's not a student intern. So if we look at paragraph four, it says, if Pismo was so smart, would he be able to tell who she really was? Would he know that her cover as a student intern was all a lie? So there we do find out that Lisa is not in fact, the student intern. And it might it kind of like you said, like, she's got an inquisitive mind, she's noticing all these things. Does the text tell us who she is beyond a student intern? No. So we do have to kind of like, it is kind of a bigger step than maybe just an inference of heart pounding is nervous. There are these bigger themes here that are slightly more of a jump, we really do have to apply like that inquisitive mind thing. So like, what are some jobs that might entail having a really curious mind are really observant? What a reporter or a spy be really observant and curious? 

Yeah, yeah. 

Those those answers could actually be appropriate answers here. Because paragraph four shows us that she's lied. And then the lie detector results also tell us that she falsified them. So she did lie. So we, when they respond, when Savannah responds with she does give lots of good text evidence, like you said, it just isn't quite direct there. Yeah. So if we think back to if we think how could we question maybe when Eva says she's the new student or intern? What kind of question could be asked her to help her realize that she's not the student intern?

Maybe, can we like direct them to a pair that you can absolutely direct them?

Unknown Speaker  4:27  
Okay, so like, or we could just, I could say, oh, let's all take a look at paragraph four.

Coach  4:35  
Yeah, as long as you're giving, as long as you're giving the students the opportunity to look in paragraph four and read it themselves. That's totally fine. We don't want to read it for them. But we could absolutely say like, you know, could you check out paragraph four, okay. To clarify that misunderstanding and ask, like, you know, oh, like look in the text here or what is paragraph four, tell us and use that text evidence there kind of that you keep asking about. All right. So our time is just about up. So if we see a student with a misunderstanding this time, we just want to make sure that we ask about that text evidence so that they can maybe find the text evidence and give them a little bit more of the thinking there. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  5:17  
Okay.

