Coach  0:02  
All right. Thank you for participating in that tonight with us. Um, so as we started this coaching round, um, how do you think that went?

Teacher  0:12  
I know, I didn't get through all the questions, but I think it went pretty well. I would be happy if my students bounce back like that.

Coach  0:18  
Um, I-There are also like, a lot of strengths in that so I definitely was impressed with how you questioned the students, because you asked for, you know, the text evidence. And then when students had those misunderstandings, you kind of continued to question and you scaffolded really appropriately by not reading the paragraph for them or being like, well, actually, it says this, but you're like, pointed them in the right direction. So you're like, you're looking at this paragraph, we need to look at this paragraph. What do you think now? Which is the ideal feedback loop that we're gonna go with. One little thing, and I don't want to spend most of our coaching on this is, I think you actually misinterpreted question number one a little bit? 

Teacher  1:02  
Oh, did I?

Coach  1:03  
Iet- It's asking

Teacher  1:05  
Oh, brings up the lie detector results.

Coach  1:06  
About when the bring it up, not...So like that would be that paragraph 19-20.

Teacher  1:11  
I see, okay. Yeah, that's my bad.

Coach  1:13  
So you were looking at like, once he- 

Teacher  1:16  
No-yes.

Coach  1:16  
No, that's okay. I was like, you're questioning is still really on point. But we Jasmine looking at being nervous because her heart pounding was right. We want to know, like, before he says the results, but when he like says, I want to talk to you about this. 

Teacher  1:33  
Yeah.

Coach  1:33  
So that was a little thing. But so what I think we're going to work on tonight is, after you've done that feedback loop, and you've gotten the response, you want how we can really make sure that we give that quality feedback to students. So what is like the ideal answer containing to you? Like, what are you looking for from a student?

Teacher  1:53  
I'm obviously looking for I mean, if they're making an inference, it can be an inference, whatever they want, like the guess of like who Lisa might really be- as long as they can, like back it up with like, reasonable text evidence.

Coach  2:04  
Okay, yeah. We

Teacher  2:05  
It's got to be a claim backed up by evidence,

Coach  2:07  
So we want their claim and we want their evidence. And then that third kind of piece that we're looking for is that warrant which just connects the evidence to the claim?

Teacher  2:14  
Yeah, like a reasoning.

Unknown Speaker  2:16  
So for like an example with Lisa's nervous because it says in paragraph 20, that her heart was pounding. And I know that when my heart pounds it's because I'm nervous. So that way I'm connecting that. So when you were getting all of those pieces together, the way you were questioning or questioning for the appropriate claim, when there was misunderstanding, you were asking for that evidence. So we just want to think about how after we're given all three pieces of that, that we really point it out for the other students to see.

Teacher  2:49  
Okay, I see it now.

Coach  2:51  
So that we could say, you know, so if I'm Jasmine, and I say, okay, yeah in paragraph 20 says her heart was pounding. And I know that when I'm nervous, my heart's pounding. How could you kind of like, give me that quality feedback, and also make it known to everybody else that like I did everything you were looking for?

Teacher  3:10  
Yeah, um, I could talk about I love that you have you directly answered my question. You backed up with text evidence, and you explained why the evidence you picked, goes back to your answer, right? Because you could just pick a random sentence, you gotta explain why that relates. 

Coach  3:24  
Yeah! So that's actually, that's perfect. Because you provide students with that, like, you kind of let everyone else know what you're expecting, and let everyone else know what you're looking for. So that when their time comes to answer the questions, they can look at providing all three of those things. And so, if I, if we think about another question, or if we think about another. If I say that I think Lisa is...if I think that she is like a spy from another company. And I think that she's a spy for another company, because it talked about how like, it's a billion dollar company. And I know if I think about like, Amazon, I know that there are other companies that like, want to get into Amazon, and they want to learn about what Amazon does. So that's why I think maybe she's inspired from another company. What might you say to me with my response?

Teacher  4:26  
I would say, I am glad that you had your guess that you think she's a spy, you think that's her other life that she's keeping a secret. You said that you looked back and you saw that One Thing is a billion dollar company, that's a lot of money, right? And so you think that a lot of people, you're thinking of a real life company, right? You're thinking of an example in the real world, comparing what we're learning in the text is something in the real world. And you're thinking what you know about Amazon in the real world and what other people want of Amazon. So now you're connecting what you know from the real world into the story.

Coach  4:58  
So you're providing feedback while at the same time like letting other students know and thinking aloud for other students to help put those pieces together for what makes a quality answer. So again, in the second round, I just want you to think about when students are giving you those things, how you can provide that high quality feedback for them so that everyone else can see and then just for that first question, make sure that we think about the 19-20 paragraph. Other than that, like your questioning was right on par. So if you're ready, I'm ready too.

Teacher  5:31  
Alright, I'm ready.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
