Coach  0:02  
All right, Elijah, how did you think that went?

Teacher  0:06  
I want to I think it went well, I was actually really intrigued as to who they thought she was because I, like I said, I actually agreed with Savannah. I was like, well, maybe she's a reporter. So I was getting lost in the conversation with

Coach  0:19  
Discussion, sometimes that's good to do a discussion. I think you did really well, too. I know. You'd said like, I'm a science teacher. So but I think that that you did a great job and with a lot of parts, particularly I feel like with that question, one with Jasmine's answer, feeling nervous, you asked her for text evidence. Then, when she talks about heart, heart pounding, you kind of probed for what we call this warrant, this idea of? Okay, you have your claim, you told me what you thought you have your text evidence. And now you need to tell me why that text evidence supports your claim. And so you probe for all three of those things. And so you knew what to look for in an appropriate answer. And it's kind of the same for science, we still want them to think there's evidence they need to provide us in silence as long time and then sometimes they need to explain why that evidence works. So I can see that you really understood what you were looking for. Um, is there anything that you kind of felt a little more challenged by or that you weren't really sure how to respond to?

Teacher  1:23  
I think, just the, the teacher stutters, you know, like you're trying to blurt out a sentence, but you're thinking of like, the four sentences after and so it made me just like being more more concise, more smooth, in my speech? I think it went well. I actually felt like that was the best simulation I've had. Why? Because like I said, it. I thought the, the reading was interesting. I'm a big tech enthusiast. Okay. So like, when I was reading this, like, that'd be fun. Like, imagine like, for One Thing? 

Coach  1:55  
Like, for the purpose of our time? Sorry, I don't want to cut you off.

Teacher  1:58  
Okay, no, no, no, no, no, thank you. I was gonna go ramble but no, no.

Coach  2:04  
I think what you were saying about concise. I think that if we work on kind of the questions that you ask the students, maybe when they don't respond in the way that you're hoping to, um, I noticed that like you, you asked a lot of questions, and you still wanted them to do the thinking. But maybe if we can kind of think of, maybe like some scaffold or the almost like stems to help us out that might help us be more concise. So and also help the students to clarify their misunderstandings, I think I noticed that when you kind of went on a little bit longer was when you, the student didn't respond with something that we were hoping them to respond with. So for example, when you ask Ava, you're really asked Ava, who do you think she really is? And she was like the student intern? And you're like, Well, is there something else that you think she might be? Does she have another identity? Does she have mom or sister and we kind of the students weren't quite picking up on what you were hoping for them to pick up on? Right? What were you hoping that it would share with you?

Teacher  3:07  
I guess, citation of the text more citation of the text.

Coach  3:12  
Is there a part that you were looking for?

Teacher  3:15  
Let me let me read the text real quick. Maybe like a description of who she was in terms of like what she I wanted to see if they were interpreting and mixing up the text as far as the descriptions of her actions and her identity. So it mentions that she was she was quickly walking right to the receptionist. There's like different adjectives that I was looking for. And I was making sure that they weren't mixing those up. Okay, so had they had they brought up one of those adjectives, describing her actions as opposed to like her more permanent identity, right, like a student intern than I would have clarified. And so but they didn't. 

Coach  4:12  
That's important. And I think that while we don't necessarily know if they're going to jump to thinking that she's a reporter, or the spy or anything like that, we at least know, we at least want them to know that she is not a student intern, that she's lie, right. And so paragraph four can kind of help us with that. So if a student is responding with like, she's the student intern tells me a paragraph one, and you ask, you know, well, is there something else that she might be? Or is there something else that we know about her and they don't quite respond? We can tell students, you know, why don't you read for me paragraph four, and I want you to then tell me do you still think she's a student intern? Because hopefully they would read that and they would read the part where her covers all a lie. So we'd learn. I might not know what she is, but I at least know she's not a student intern. Okay, kind of maybe make more concise questions like you were saying, by just targeting targeting to a specific point in the text, we want them to look. So saying, okay, you know that might be true for that part. But let's look at this part. Do you still think that's your answer? So in this next round, I want us to think about just asking those questions kind of maybe in a more concise way, but then using the text to to help us ask those questions. 

Teacher  5:28  
Okay.

