Jamie  0:00  
End simulation. You kind of you, you said time right on right on the time.

Participant  0:11  
Yeah exactly. 

Jamie  0:11  
 And no worries about that. So how did you think that went?

Participant  0:15  
I mean, I feel pretty good about it. Kind of similar to discussions, I feel like I have with my kids when we read, so it's cool. 

Jamie  0:23  
Yeah, so you definitely bring in some experience, I really want to highlight your like interaction with Jasmine in that question, one, when Jasmine said that she was nervous, you asked her why. And then a little bit later, you like explicitly said, you know, what text evidence, what paragraph Did you see that in, which is great, because we want the students obviously, using text evidence, as you know, as a reading teacher, and then you even you know, pulled in the idea that you're talking about inferences. And that you, you said, like, you did a great job citing evidence, and you know, connected the heart pounding to the feeling of nervousness. So that was a really super quality interaction there just right from the beginning. I also noticed you kind of working with students and trying to scaffold them when they had those misunderstandings, like when Ethan was saying, being excited, and with Ava being the student intern. And so I think what today is we can kind of just work on asking questions to the students in what we're going to call feedback loop. Rather than just sort of kind of doing the thinking ourselves and making the connections for them. We're just gonna think about how we can rephrase some of the things so that the students are the ones doing the thinking. So if we think about Ethan said, you know, it's, you asked, you know, well, why do you think you're, he's excited. And, you know, he said, it's one thing, it makes billions of dollars and you respond with, I can see that you might think she was excited. But we have to think about Lisa's motivation. And so let's think about how we could maybe fix his misunderstanding right there, and maybe ask a question that would help address the misunderstanding, rather than just telling him there are some other stuff going on. Okay, so what kind of questions do you think we could ask Ethan that might get him to understand why it might to look at that lie detector? Because you told him like, you know, there's something else--she lied, there's a lie detector. So maybe what questions could be asked to point him in that direction? Rather than just tell him?

Participant  2:20  
Yeah, maybe we could ask about? How do you think she feels about the lie detector? Asking or talking about the lie detector more, and that will reveal that she's feeling nervous about the lie detector? Because? Because there's something up?

Jamie  2:37  
Yeah, so that's exactly right. You could say, you know, you know, Ethan, you know, those might be exciting things about one thing, but maybe what about the lie detector? Is she may be feeling something else about the lie detector? And maybe you might be able to find his way there. Is there a certain paragraph that you think might be particularly helpful? And if he can't find it himself, we can point him in that direction.

Participant  2:57  
Yeah, let me see. Well, I think honestly, paragraph four, like at the beginning, I think covers it pretty well. It says she could feel herself growing nervous. If he was so smart, would he be able to tell who she really was--that says that she's nervous about being discovered, ya know, that her cover is all a lie... 

Jamie  3:21  
Yeah. So that also is helpful with Ava the student intern, too, right? And so we could even just prompt and say, Well, you know, how about, um, could you read paragraph number four for us, and then have the student read it so that way, they're kind of able to do the thinking, and they're responsible for it there. And then we can just like, say, do you still think she's excited? Or do you still think she's the student intern? And then maybe the student can come to that revision on their own rather than necessarily being told. Do you see the difference? 

Participant  3:50  
Yeah. 

Jamie  3:51  
And so, I think that you were totally on the right track with your scaffolding. We just kind of want to reframe statements as questions to help the students out. So what if we think about question number one, and I'm a student, and I say Lisa's feeling calm. What could you say?

Participant  4:10  
Lisa is feeling calm? I'd probably ask you what makes you think Lisa's feeling calm? 

Jamie  4:15  
Ok so yeah, if you first asked me, like, what in the text makes you think that? I could say in paragraph 22. Lisa smiled and relaxed, and when I'm relaxed, I'm calm. I'm just hanging out. Yeah, not nervous.

Participant  4:30  
So I think I would probably say that okay, so that is closer to the end. Right. So but hold let's go ahead and find out what paragraph it is that she finds the lie detector results. And when you have to go back....

Jamie  4:43  
Oh, so like, Pizmo brings that up in 19. But in 20 It says her heart was pounding.

Participant  4:50  
Yeah-- there might be something different happening there. So what's that's what's happening after--what happened right before she said she was smiled and relaxed?

Jamie  5:02  
Yeah, her heart was pounding. So I guess that's I guess that's not it. 

Participant  5:07  
Yeah because right before I want you to go ahead and read.

Jamie  5:13  
Alright for time, I'm gonna have to cut you off, but you're on good questioning there. So thank you again. And so in this next round, but just think about, we can use those text evidence questions to help us revise thinking by questioning students in a loop rather than just telling them Okay, okay. All right. turn my camera off. And you may begin

