Coach  0:01  
Okay! So first, I just want to say, I couldn't- You made yourself sound super nervous in the beginning, like you didn't know anything about that, and I would not have guessed that had you not said that. So good, good work there. Is there anything... I- One thing that I noticed that you did really well, was that you really made sure that you used text evidence. Because you asked students, what are they thinking, and most, most of the time you said like, "Well, what in the text was that?" Or, you were referring back to the text too, which was good, because that way, like, that's gonna be part of the foundation of our response. Is there anything that you kind of maybe stumbled over, or you maybe weren't so sure about?

Teacher  0:49  
Yeah, I don't know. It's just kind of, when is enough? Like, how do I know when to move on I think is something that I don't know, especially in a discussion. Or when to keep checking for different perspectives, or I don't know... All that, that's kind of...

Coach  1:04  
And that's a really, that's a really challenging thing, I think, as a teacher in the first place. It sort of goes with this idea of pacing, because we always feel like we can go into more and sort of kind of figure out where to move on. So I think one thing- I felt like you moved on in appropriate spots, for the most part. You know, you, you had- You did a little bit of a discussion with each student, so you went back and forth with them. And you wanted to make sure that they understood the right answer. And that was super clear with the first question. You know, you asked Jasmine, why she thought that. She talked about the heart pounding, and then Ethan spoke up, and you made sure to ask Ethan questions that helped him to correct his misunderstanding. So that was really strong there. Um, and so, I think I maybe noticed when you weren't so sure about when to move on, maybe in question two?

Teacher  1:56  
I was like "Ah." Yeah, I know. I felt that too. I was like, "Oh, my God."

Coach  2:00  
No, and that's okay. Um, so was it Ava that might have made you unsure of what to do or say? 

Teacher  2:05  
I think so. I already forgot their names. 

Coach  2:07  
Okay, that's okay. The one who says that she's the new student intern.

Teacher  2:11  
Yeah. Yeah, 'cuz I didn't really know... Because I couldn't off the top of my head remember the place where she mentions the fact that... So I couldn't kind of redirect her to like, this line.

Coach  2:22  
Yeah! And so, um, I noticed that too, that like, I knew what you were hoping to say, but you just didn't- You weren't quite there yet, which that happens sometimes. And it's being timed. You didn't necessarily feel like you had the time to go back and look for it. If you have the reading, were you looking for paragraph four? 

Teacher  2:41  
Paragraph four... Yes...? Oh, yeah. "Would he able to tell she's really-?" Okay. That's good. Okay, paragraph four.

Coach  2:50  
Yeah. And so, um, if you had remembered paragraph four, so if I'm Ava, and I say, "Well, it says in paragraph one, she's the student intern," what might you have said now knowing you've got paragraph four?

Teacher  3:04  
So, I might have redirected her to paragraph four and maybe read the line where she says, "Would he know that her cover as a student intern was all a lie?" That's basically super blatant right there. 

Coach  3:15  
Yeah! So would you have read it or would you have asked Ava to read it?

Teacher  3:19  
I probably would have asked Ava to look at it and see what she found in there.

Coach  3:22  
Yep! And that would have been the appropriate move, because then you're still giving that thinking. Typically, in math, we were like, we want them to do the math. So here, we're wanting them to do the reading themselves. So for them to take the moment to read the line and be like, "Oh, it says her intern cover was all a lie. So I guess she's not." And so that's exactly right. We're, we're scaffolding by giving them a place to look, a place to redirect them, whether that be in an equation in physics or a reading passage here, but we're giving them that direction for what to look for, but then still giving them the power to do the thinking. 

Teacher  4:00  
Okay. 

Coach  4:02  
And so, if I was a student -- and if we think about going back to question number one --and I say, "I think Lisa is calm," how would you respond to me?

Teacher  4:17  
I would ask for text evidence as to why you feel that way.

Coach  4:21  
So that's a perfect first step. And so I would say, "It says in paragraph 22, that Lisa smiled and relaxed," and so, I know when I'm relaxed, I'm calm.

Teacher  4:32  
Okay, so... Well, but then we have to think about the context of why she's smiling and relaxing. So if we go back up to number- er, paragraph number... Twenty... 

Coach  4:45  
Twenty.

Teacher  4:46  
Sorry, twenty -- yeah, right there -- twenty, what can you- So I would have her look at it, maybe read that and then, does she look- Does she seem relaxed in paragraph 20?

Coach  4:55  
Yeah, and then I'm able to revise and that's actually- That's awesome. So, I- We've got to wrap up this coaching. So just in the next round, um... You did a little bit of it round one, but we just want to make sure that we continue to ask for text evidence and then help redirect students when they're misunderstanding by asking those questions in a loop to help guide them and still put them in the power of their doing the thinking. Okay, alrighty. 

Teacher  5:22  
Last one!

Coach  5:24  
You're good! Alright.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
