Coach  0:00  
How'd that go for you.

Teacher  0:03  
It was good. They were much calmer than last time.

Coach  0:07  
Yes, they are. In this scenario they definitely are. Okay. So I want to do something a little bit intense with you tell you, you're doing some things that are really, really good. But you're not doing it consistently. Okay, that is coaching you on like, the thing that you're doing good and not consistently, I'm just going to tell you you're doing good until you to do it more often. In the beginning, you the beginning, one, I love that you use wait time in the classroom messes great like strategy, great job using my time. But once you said to Jasmine, she said, Lisa was feeling nervous. And your response was, can you show me something in the text that shows you that Lisa was feeling nervous? You're specifically probing her for textual evidence, and that is amazing. That is what you need to continue doing when they get the answer, right. When you get the answer wrong, as long as they're not giving you textual evidence, probe them for textual evidence first, okay. Because what happens is when Ethan says, Oh, I thought that Lisa was excited about the new job, your responses, why do you think that? And he's he didn't give you textual evidence that you know, that that's what you're looking for. So that's why you followed up with that's understandable can you focus on the story and focus on what Lisa is feeling? Okay. So just remember what you did in the beginning, ask for textual evidence.

Teacher  1:48  
Okay.

Coach  1:50  
The reason why this is kind of intense, because I'm coaching you on two things right now in five minutes. All right. So what I want to focus on today with the rest of our time is what do we do when students give us the wrong answer? Okay, I'm gonna model for you what I would do, setting directions. So Ethan says, I thought Lisa was feeling excited about her new job. My response that I'm also going to drop into the chat. So you can follow along. My response to Ethan would be, thank you for sharing Ethan. Open for textual evidence, using evidence from the text. Tell me why you think this. So you're going to pro potential evidence first, because that's what we do. Anytime a student doesn't give us textual evidence. He's going to probably give me evidence that doesn't align, right. But I'm going to say, Ethan, read paragraph four. What did we learn about Lisa? He's going to read paragraph four, and it's going to tell him something about Lisa feeling nervous. And I'm going to follow up with Okay, now based on what you just read, has your answer changed. So now I'm going to give him an opportunity to change his answer. Let's practice that. Okay. I feel like I'm so good on time right now. Okay, so the question that you're gonna ask me is how is Lisa most likely feeling when Pismo brings up the lie detector results? Okay I'm going to be the student and I'm going to give you a wrong answer. Whenever you're ready. 

Teacher  3:48  
All right. So how does Lisa most likely feel when Pismo brings up her lie detector results?

Coach  3:57  
Lisa is calm.

Teacher  3:59  
Okay, thank you for participating. Could you show me in the text why you think that Lisa is feeling calm?

Coach  4:08  
Well, in paragraph 22, it says that she smiled and relaxed. To give you a hint tell me to read paragraph 20

Teacher  4:24  
Okay, could you please read paragraph 20 for me?

Coach  4:30  
Okay. Paragraph 20 says her heart was pounding so loudly in her chest.

Teacher  4:40  
Okay, after reading paragraph 20 Do you still think that Lisa was feeling cold?

Coach  4:47  
No, maybe she was scared or nervous? Yeah. End scene. Great job in following the script and like trying to just practice it and give it a go. I know the hard part is knowing where to direct them. Yeah, so that's going to be a little bit challenging, but try your best in because we're going to practice it again in the second simulation.

So, so now, now you're gonna get a chance to try the same simulation again from the beginning. Practice by directing them somewhere in the text when they get it wrong. Think about if you can't find it in the text.

