Coach  0:04  
I'm gonna turn my camera back on, but you can totally leave yours off. Okay, I'm just setting my timer really quickly. Um, how did you think that went?

Participant  0:13  
It was good. It was. I feel like it's a conversation I'd be having in class of trying to. I think it's hard because it's like I read it before, but I'm not as I wasn't as familiar with it. Like, I don't have a printed copy, like exemplars and everything, like it went from my actual classroom like, okay, question one, make sure you're hitting this paragraph, this paragraph. So that definitely took longer than I would have liked it to if it was my actual classroom. And I think with question one, when like trying to wrap that up, just like a little, I would have, like, I wanted to get them there a little bit more on their own. And like, it was definitely felt a little time constrained.

Coach  1:02  
I would definitely agree with what you were saying about how, like they, they some, some of them got there. But maybe you would have liked to have help them get on their own a little bit better. So we can think about some of the responses that you had and think about how we can reframe those questions to students so that they can do the thinking on their own, and that they can find that evidence themselves, rather than pointing it out for them first, because I noticed that you wanted to do that with question one, where you were like, let's start by looking at this paragraph. And then Jasmine raised her hand. But I do think that you did a good job of continuing to go back to that text evidence, because it is important. And why is that text evidence important?

Participant  1:45  
You can't really make an inference without it. And I think like the only thing was like, I didn't really have an opportunity to explain this. But it's like what I said, my kids a lot is like you, you need to use something from the text to make an inference, like you can't pull it out of thin air. And we're really using what the author has given us to figure this out.

Coach  2:05  
Right. So we're using the the text to help the students connect the dots and make those inferences. And while we're doing that by pointing to the clammy hands, and we just want the students to make those connections. So let's think about when Ethan says that the student is excited, responded with oh, excited, I can see that. Do we want excite do we want them to? Do we want the students to think excited is an appropriate answer?

Participant  2:34  
No, I was struggling with this in my classroom of like when there's so off base, but you don't want to shut them down so that they'll never answer again. So just kind of like turning it around in a subtler way.

Coach  2:47  
Yeah. So and I think that you can do that by asking for that text evidence and saying, Okay, what makes you think you know, what, in the text makes you think that she's excited? And then, you know, he might refer to this New York City section that he was talking about? And then say, well, is there something else maybe in paragraph four, paragraph 20 that makes you think differently? And then you can just go back and ask the student, like, based on what you just read, has your answer changed? And then maybe that would help him? shift then? Maybe excited isn't the best answer and nervous is a better answer. Does that make sense? Yes. Okay. So if we think about another answer or another answer to that question, if you're on a student, and you ask how I think Lisa's feeling, what if I say I think she's calm? What could you say to me as a student?

Participant  3:40  
I would say, can you point to somewhere in the text where it indicates that Lisa is feeling calm, specifically regarding the lie detector test?

Coach  3:48  
So that was great, because she didn't say like, yeah, that's right she's calm. And you asked me to look at the text. So I would say, well, in paragraph 22, it says that she's relaxed, and when I'm relaxed, I'm calm.

Participant 4:03  
So it does say that Lisa is relaxed. Is there a reason that Lisa is feeling relaxed?

Coach  4:10  
Um, yeah and the next sentence says, because he believes her falsified lie detector results. So she lacks because the lie detectors done.

Participant 4:20  
So what about the lie detector results might have made Lisa feel nervous or relaxed now?

Coach  4:31  
Okay, so just because we're on that last 30 seconds, so the way you're continuing to ask questions, helps the student to put together the fact that, you know, this is calm after the lie detector results, but she might have been feeling nervous before paragraph 22. And so the students might answer and then you can continue to just probe them questions to help them make those connections. And then you can just ask them, it's like based on what you read, do you think she was feeling calm or nervous? Do you see how those continued questions can help the students get there? And so sometimes I know you said you felt like it was slow. And sometimes it might feel a little bit slow but you're still giving the power to the students to do the thinking. So as we enter this second round, I just want you to think about when students answer incorrectly, not getting validation for those incorrect answers, but asking questions to help the students shift their thinking. Okay, all right. I'm gonna turn my camera off.

