Jamie  0:00  
End simulation. All right. So how did you think that went?

Participant  0:07  
I thought the second two questions were better than the first one. In the first one it started off with I think it was the person sitting next to Ava. Or I think I think when Ethan brought up his point that he thought Lisa was just excited about her job, I didn't do a good job of bringing them back into the text. That could have gone better.

Jamie  0:38  
Okay, so I, I think similarly to you, I think that you're, you did a better job with trying to like scaffold that misunderstanding that Ava had about being the student intern. And then later on, you even provided in question three, to Savannah, about Lisa being the reporter. You really pointed out what she did? Well, by saying like, I like how you included text evidence. So you gave that good feedback there. So let's go back and think about maybe what we could do for Ethan. And when students have that misunderstanding how we might be able to use the text to help them to clarify this misunderstanding that they might have. So if we think back on what happened in your conversation, we have Ethan, who says, I thought Lisa was excited. And you appropriately asked him for text evidence. And then you started asking, how do you see-- Are there any other points in the text where you see she might be nervous? And you kind of just started asking questions. Why do you think maybe Ethan-- that question might not have helped him out? 

Participant  1:49  
I don't think I really, I don't think I really pointed out. So I just asked for like something else. Yeah, so I think if Ethan is already under the impression that Lisa is, you know, happy, asking for more text evidence to contradict that, it's probably not easy for him to do. So I feel like it'd be cool for me to provide him with something like that...

Jamie  2:17  
Yeah, so what we're going to, what we can do is we can look into text and think about the part--I know in the next question, you said, you know, I can't remember exactly what paragraph it is. But if we find a paragraph that might help Ethan to realize that she's not excited that she's nervous, we can just prompt him to read that say. So you know, Ethan, like, she might be feeling something else, check out paragraph 20? Right. And then just asking them--which you started to do this in the next question, because you pointed to the part and you read it. So the only change I would say that we make--is kind of like finding the scaffold in between too vague of a question, and then reading for them what we want. And we kind of want to find this middle point of pointing them in the direction but still positioning them to do the reading and make the connection themselves. Does that make sense? 

Participant  3:14  
Yes, yeah. 

Jamie  3:14  
So for Ethan, like that middle point would just be, you know, could you read paragraph 20? For me, and he might read it. And then we could say like, do you still think she's excited? Or is she feeling something else? What could we then if we think about, like Lisa being the student intern, you said, she said she lied on her lie detector test? What might that mean? How could we maybe rephrase that, so that we put the student to do a little bit more of thinking?

Participant  3:51  
Well, I feel like I could also use like, different parts of the text, I'm looking at paragraph four, is a good place to ask a student what they think about that. So maybe I could ask Ethan to read it. And then tell me what he thinks.

Jamie  4:08  
Yeah, so we could say, you know, in paragraph four, you know, if I read it, would he know that her cover was all a lie? And that might be like, Oh, it's a lie. Maybe she's not nervous. But also in that in that first question, it's asking specifically about that lie detector result. So the end of the passage would probably be slightly more appropriate there. But that paragraph four does also help us out with helping Ava realize that she's not the student, intern also, in addition to the lie detector at the end, so we can have a quick practice here. If I were to raise my hand and say that I think Lisa's feeling calm. What would you say to me?

Participant  4:53  
I would say could you read paragraph twenty for me, and tell me if you change your mind.

Jamie  5:03  
So before we would want to ask that though, we would want to continue asking for text evidence. And then if I pointed you to my text evidence, which is wrong, then you could say like, why don't you try looking at paragraph 20. So we would just want to make sure we keep still asking for that text evidence, like you were on the first round. But in this next round, we want to, in addition to asking for text evidence, when students do have misunderstandings, we want to kind of ask questions that are scaffolded that point them in the right direction of the text so that they can clarify that misunderstanding. Okay. 

Okay. All right. Any questions? All right, so we'll just do round two, and I'll turn off my camera and begin so

