Coach  0:03  
Alright, how did you think that went?

Teacher  0:04  
I think it went okay. I think I wasn't sure if I should refer to the text or not in the conversation, but I figured it was a lot easier, because there's just some details we need to talk about. So I felt better when I started referring to the text, and I realized everyone could see it too in front of them. Um, I think with Ethan, could just maybe explain the concepts quicker or more concise about the reading, but overall felt okay.

Coach  0:31  
I would agree with you on the same things. I definitely saw that your when you started referring to the text too, like the conversation grew a bit richer, because ultimately, that text evidence is something that we want the students to provide us with. And so I definitely think that that was a good thing that you started doing. And I would definitely like to give you some praise on that. And I think that's also what you were kind of saying about Ethan is also what I think that we should we can work on is when a student responds with something that isn't the correct answer, like how we're going to help them figure out the right answer. And I think it was really great that you engaged in that with him, like you continued talking with him. And you didn't just say like, Yes, that's right, and move on. Or you didn't say No, that's wrong. This is why it's the answer. You questioned him, which is exactly what we want to do. So I'm just going to help you give some strategies for that. So that way, we can leave the students, we can question them in a way that helps them figure out the right answer. Okay, so when you were questioning Ethan, what were you trying to get him to realize? You think?

Teacher  1:39  
I think with this one, it was just a different perspective, or like somebody could have a different meaning with the same words, I think he was interpreting it just in like the, I guess, first definition sense in a way of marble floors being exciting, not really considering how this could be a bad thing, or considering how people might have a different opinion on it. And I think that kind of comes into maybe higher level concepts of like, tone or

Coach  2:09  
Yeah!

Teacher  2:10  
just meaning that.

Coach  2:11  
And so I think that, you know, he, he kept pointing to this idea that like, it's a cool company, and we want him to think about more of like, okay, it is a cool company, and someone might be excited to work there. But let's think about how Lisa's feeling when the lie detector results are brought up. And so we could then suggest like, how about you read paragraph 14, and point the student in the right direction, but still give them the opportunity to read it. So then Lisa might or Ethan might read, Lisa's smiled and thanked him, but her heart was speeding and her hands were growing clammy. And then we could say like, so do you still think she's excited? Or she may be feeling something else now? But kind of points, you know, after we ask for their text evidence, and it's not the right text evidence, we can maybe say, hey, check out paragraph 14. Read that for me. Do you still think that she's excited? And maybe you just give them some new text evidence to consider so that they can revise their thinking.

Teacher  3:13  
Okay, that's a great idea.

Coach  3:15  
If - I want to make sure we're good on time...Okay, yeah. So if I'm a student, and I raised my hand, and I say, I think Lisa's calm. What might you ask me?

Teacher  3:26  
I think I'd probably ask you to read either paragraph 14, or paragraph 14 or a later one, just to ask about how Lisa isn't at that moment and then talk about when your hands are clammy, or your heart rate speeds up...What does that feel like?

Coach  3:46  
That's exactly right. But before we would want to do that, we would maybe want to say like, what text evidence do you have that makes you think she's excited? Or makes you think she's calm? Sometimes, like, in paragraph 22? It says she relaxed. And then you could say, Hmm, like, there might be something else that shows more feeling about before the lie detector results. Why don't you read paragraph 14? And then that way, there's, you're pointing them in the right direction, but they have to read the text, and they have to make those conclusions themselves. Okay, so if we think about the student intern question, and I say she's the student intern, what would you say to me?

Teacher  4:29  
I think I would ask, does she ever like, I guess I could ask... Like, does she ever indicate that she's not a student intern in the text? And then if the student

Coach  4:40  
That would be a good question, remember, the first thing we want to say though, is first, where's your text evidence? Or what in the text made you think that? And then I'd be like, well, it's literally the very first line and then you could say, Oh, is there something else in the text that maybe makes us think she's something else? And the student might respond with something and if they don't, we could say, why don't you check out paragraph or 22 or paragraph four and then I would see that she lied. Okay, so timers up. So in this next round, just remember to ask for text evidence and point the students in the right direction when they have a mistake. All right!

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
