Coach  0:01  
Alright, so before we officially start this coaching, I'm sorry, my dog is growling at something right next to me. So if you hear this growling, I just hope it's not overpowering my voice. How did you think that went?

Participant  0:15  
Good? I mean, I know, I didn't get to do all three questions, but

Coach  0:19  
that's okay. Was there something that you felt particularly strong left or particularly unsure us?

Jasmine  0:25  
Um, I feel like I've been really good at like, follow up questions. Because like, I've had a lot of coaching and that is just like, don't just ask like a question and the response, like,

Coach  0:39  
I'm sorry, let me just let --- think I'm gonna pause this -- sorry about that he never barks. I'm good.

Participant  0:58  
I've got a dog. And

Coach  1:01  
so I definitely saw you asking a lot of follow up questions. And I even really want to highlight the interaction you had with jasmine in the beginning. You asked her for that text evidence. And then you even probed her further and asked her to explain like how heart pounding relates to nervousness. So you kind of looked for all of the things that we wanted an answer with a text based question, and you probed her and that was a really strong example of your follow up questioning. Where there any parts of your questions where you felt like it wasn't resonating with the students? Maybe?

Participantr  1:40  
Like, yeah, sometimes like if a if I ask a question and the students response is like, not what I'm looking for, sometimes I kind of have to like, find a way to connect it back to like the answer that I'm expecting or like the answer that I want. Yeah. I forgot the little boy's name. But yeah, like trying to get him to connect that feeling of like excitedness to nervousness so that way you can understand, okay, like, she's, yeah, like, she might be excited. But another word for that could also be nervous.

Coach  2:12  
Right. And so I saw you doing that with some follow up questioning. And I think that one way we can just strengthen that questioning, is to just tie in the text more. And make sure that we're using the text base examples here. Because we every time we ask a student, and they provide us with that claim, or whatever we think their answer is, we want to make sure students also provide us with the text evidence for it. So Ethan said, you know, I think that she was excited. You asked him why he didn't really provide any text evidence there. And then you kind of started getting on this, you know, can you be excited in a nervous way, and you started relating to him, which is good. But we also want to make sure that we relate to the text first. So what is their specific part and the text that you think would help Ethan to clarify that misunderstanding that she's really more nervous than excited?

Participantr  3:09  
That's what I was thinking, Oh, let's see. Maybe like paragraph 14, where you said, but her heart rate was speeding up and her hands were going clammy with sweat.

Coach  3:22  
Yeah. So that paragraph 14 is one really strong example of it. And then even a little bit later on it her heart's pounding again, in paragraph 20. So 14 or 20 provide really good examples of how she's got this feeling of nervousness about the lie detector results. So we could just ask Ethan, you know, you know, excited might be a feeling she has at some point, but why don't you read paragraph 14 for us? How might she be feeling now? And then he might be like, Oh, nervous, but so do you still think excited? Or do you think nervous, but that way, we're kind of using the text to scaffold their understanding? By pointing them in the right direction. Okay. And I saw you do this a little bit on question number two, with Ava. Because you, you read paragraph four. And once when we're scaffolding this using the text, we want to ask the students to do the reading so that way, we're still positioning them as the readers and the thinkers and allowing their voice to be heard. Okay. So if we practice we can practice real quick. If I am a student, and I say, I think that Lisa's calm. What might you say?

Participant  4:39  
Oh, why do you think she's calm?

Coach  4:41  
Well in paragraph 22, it says Lisa smiled and relaxed, and when I'm relaxed, I think I'm calm and I'm just like on the couch watching TV.

Participant 4:54  
Um, so yeah, calm could be like a good feeling. But why don't we read can you read paragraph 20 for me and see how she's feeling, then?

Coach  5:06  
Okay, and just because we're running out of time, yeah, and read it, but yep. So that's good. We want to make sure that the student recognizes that, you know, that evidence might suggest this. But for this question, we want to look elsewhere. So you did that by asking them to read something else. So when we get into the second round of simulation, I want you to think about those questioning responses that you had, we want to continue using those, but make them slightly more focused around the text.

Participant 5:33  
Yeah, sometimes I know, it's hard for me to like, especially if they give these just like way, way off answers. Like sometimes it's hard for me to dismiss them and just be like, No, you're wrong. And then just like, and

Coach  5:44  
That's natural, and we don't want to say like no, you're wrong, next question. You know, let's see if if we read this, you know, paragraph talking about the lie detector. Do we still think that and then that way the student can clarify their own misunderstanding before we tell them like, no, yeah. Okay. All right. So I'm gonna turn this off. It seems like my dog is good now but fingers crossed.

